
                                 


Join Telegram For More @ https://t.me/joinchat/UJieqxjwFrSXT61f


   CELEB BOMBING
Hi, prettyface, i know this is like a dream to you.Thank you for being a fan



Thank you once again,How long have you been a fan?

I really appreciate it.Where are you chatting from?

Can i trust you with my personal number ?

I will be blocking my fanpage soon and i want us to relate with each other privately


Oh okay since you said i can trust you text me on my private number (669) 228-9033 and please don`t share my number with anyone



I will be waiting on your text.


                            GOOGLE VOICE
Hello

Can you do me a favor ?


I don`t want you to tell anyone that i contact you because i like privacy okay?

Are you single?

What did you do for living ?


Yes it`s really me I was only going through random
 check on my Fan page and came across you and found You 
interesting, As You know I am single so I am taking time out 
to look for a good woman that is a fan of mine to date



I was going through random check on my Fan page and 
came across you and found You interesting, As You know 
I am single so I am taking time out to look for a good woman that is a fan of mine to date


What are your dreams?


Do you believe that two people can create their own world within this crazy world we live in?


As soon a s i can trust you,I will arrange how you gonna meet me in person


Why do you people think celebrities are God, Im also human like you


You know im a busy man, i want you to keep in touch with
 me here so that i can have you in mind and create time to chat with you.


If you are doubting me, ill stop talking to you.Its 
a privilege you got my number and i think you should honor that


Im a woman of integrity,you can count on me.....i just need
 you to be loyal and honest to me and we gonna be together soon



Look im not here for games.....i 
should be the one doubting you...
 if you are doubting me,i will 
stop talking to you.



i found you interesting on my 
fanpage thats why i gave my 
personal number because you are 
the first fan of mine i ever gave 
my personal number to.




By @Blackbonez

