The quala ity of a woman is in you. When I saw your picture and profile I made up 
my mind it got to be you and as if i found my missing Iib. I really love you not 
for canal gratification but for intimacy. I will love to love you more without no 
reservation, see you as my destiny my world
Am looking for my soul mate, someone who is exciting and adventurous, has a great 
sense of humann or and enjoys making me laugh. someone who is so glad to share, so 
glad to help and give,someone who i ccan share my thoughts with and who will makes 
me feel speaks and brings out the best in me Someone who tries to understand me 
even when they haven"t got a clue. Someone that would be ready to give so much of 
herself and can do anything, go anywhere, and sacrifice anything she has for sake 
of LOVE. I want the kind of relationship that could leads to marriage could go 
around the world and move a mountain for any a woman of my dream
I am a Country Man at heart. Am quiet but yet I love to meet people, open to new 
things in life love to treat people the way i wanted to be treated, love shopping, 
camping, country, beach, traveling and animals
You seem so interesting and i will like to know you more want to get close to you. 
I looked at your smooth feature and I longed to hold you in my hands.It's not how 
long you've known me that really matters but how the chemistry between both of us 
clicks.
Giving away a heart can hurt .... having a broken heart can be life threatening, 
even to the strongest people. But, receiving one is the greatest gift.Getting close
to me is the sweetest thing you can ever get 
I seek for a serious reationship with you that will lead to us to a fruitful 
marriage and for a long term relationship full of love and affection, which was why
i wrote you.i think it is apropriate to begin by knowing each other.
 
Well, I want to love and to be lo
Well, I don't think that the age difference between us should be a barrier, rather,
the most important thing is for us to be sure if we really find understanding, 
happiness and joy witwithineach other. Above all, I think love is the greatest, 
don't you also think so?
DAY 2
-------
Hello my good frifriend!
How are you doing u today, I hope everything is fine?
I missed chatting with you... what is your mood today?
I'm happy to hear that. You deserve to be happy no matter the circumstance. I was 
thinking of you so I decided to come online. how was work today?
It's such and Feucht realize that I have you in my life and I'm pleased as we chat 
with each other again.
Guess what?
I used your picture as my wallpaper because you are indeed a beautiful and 
attractive woman.
I just wish we're together right now, having this conversation face to face but 
never the less, it's just a matter of time for us to find out if we're compatible 
with each other. So how's the weather condition there?
That's interesting... How are your children?
My reagards to them.
I have been thinking about you since yesterday, we are like a miracle to each other
and I must confess that I really enjoyed our mutual correspondence yesterday and 
the way you expressed yourself to me.
we have left the past behind us and I think all we need to do is to focus on the 
future because I believe that the future is more important than the past, do you 
think the same?
I understand all that you have told me about yourself and I promise not to go 
against your views about life, I have found so much joy in our mutual 
correspondence.
I am really glad that I met you, I am not here for endless online conversations 
because I will like to meet you as soon as I retire next month from military 
service... won't you like us to meet each oth
 
You have now become a great part of my life, my heart is glad to have you and my 
soul rejoices too.
My dear, would you like to work in America?
There are a lot of favorable and comfortable jobs in America but LAsiIsaid before, 
I will build canal in America as soon as I retire and I intend to run it with my 
wife. As destiny may have it, if you become my wife, I hope you will be delighted 
to take the reponsibilty to run the hospital with me?
Do you have any nursing or hospitality experience?
well, you don't have to worry, I'll take care of everthing. The most important 
thing to me right now is to tell you that I really have sincere feelings for you. 
I'm beginning to feel you inside of me.
I don't think that anything will ever stop me from coming to meet you, I closed my 
eyes to sleep yesterday night and I really wished you were beside me, words can't 
fully express my feelings for you but I'm old enough to realize that it's a 
fantastic feeling of wanting to be with you forever.
having you alone in my life is enough fate and assurance that I'm on the right path
of having a united, happy, peaceful and lively family
every word that I say to you comes directly from my heart, I feel so comfortable 
with and it feels like I've known you for a decade.
I intend to surprise you with something special on the day of our meeting. Do you 
like surprises?
words are empty when they're only spoken or written but it becomes effective when 
they are expressed or put to practice. I don't want to rush things but I can't 
resist telling you how I feel. Just hold on with all your might, we'll soon be 
together
as much as we want to be together, all i need from you is your prayers and good 
wishes for me while I'm here in the camp. You know, anything can happen at anytime 
here
tell me, do you have any health challenges?
As for me, I also healthy and fit. I like listening to music, although I'm not a 
good dancer but I like ing when I'm happy. how about you?
 
so tell me, what other things do you enjoy doing? like going to aa 
museum,theatrettheree.are see! if I'm not mistakeI thinkink we IavI'vemost the same
interest, it's such a great feeling and I believe that by sharing all these 
features in commom recommence aable to ablest andd each ootherfeelother'snd respect
each others decision.
--------------------------------
 
I see! I wish I'm there with you right now, how is the weather there today?
Recently, I begin to feel you so much within me and I wonder if you also feel the 
same way?
It's my pleasure to have you in my life, my heart is so grateful to have you
and I'll be proud of you as my wife, if everything eventually works out with the 
wishes and efforts of both our hearts
I have a question to ask you and I want you to be sincere with me. Have you ever 
thought of our future?
So now, I'm asking you, what do you think about our future together?
The feelings I have for you is not just ordinary, I'm old enough to realize that 
I've developed a very very special and unique feelings you both when I think of you
and when I chat with you.
You're precious to my heart, you deserve never to be hurt, you deserve all the good
things of life and you deserve to be treated by a nice man who will give you full 
respect as his wife, My heart desires your presence so much.
when it come to comes thoughts about our future, I see a very bright and wonderful 
couple in us. Our respect for each other matters a lot but I know that everything 
will be fine between us.
so how many european countries have you been too?
I've in mind to visit Italy, Scotland, and switzerland some day in the future and I
would definitely wish you to be with me all along. You're currently the reason that
I'll be in spain and I really feel good about it.
I think of Netherland and I'm sure it's a beautiful place to be, I also consider 
it.
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------
-----------------------------
DAY 5
-------
I am proud to admit that I'm falling in love with you because you are the source of
my happiness.
I will not dissapoint you if you give your heart to me, and I hope you won't 
dissapoint me if I give my heart to you?
We need care, understanding and mutual feelings to make our relationship/marriage 
stronger and everlasting.
All that should matter to us is to really understand each other and have a great 
plan for our future as destiny has brought us together...
 
I'm very comfortable with you because I frequently feel you inside of me. It would
be my pleasure to always make you happy and satisfied with my love because I feel 
you deserve it.
Even wh
promise to always make you happy and contented with my love, My desire is 
totooigh tobee with you and take care of you
Destiny has brought us together, I promise to love, honor and cherish you for the 
rest of my life.
All I need from you is your prayers and best wishes for me while I'm still here in 
the camp.
I have a lot of military stories and experience to share with you when we are 
together, I hope you will like to listen?
Since you came into my life, I've been very happy, I think about you all the time, 
i want Io be with you soon and forever.
Honey, I missed you so much, I feel like holding you now.
your words really touch me and I feel so worried that you are lonely there. I 
cannot wait for us to be together forever, so that i can take good care of you. 
want our love, I promise that I'll not break your heart if you give your love to 
me. do you also promise not to break my heart if I give my love to you?
I'm short of words and I feel like a teenager now falling in love again. I promise 
to protect you, cherish you, take good care of you, honor you, love you forever and
to always give you the attention that you deserve for the rest of our lives.
I strongly beleive that I have found the best and most wonderful darling in the 
whole wide world. You have really touched my life in so many ways because you 
brought back joy into my heart. I will never treat you wrong and give all the 
things that you deserve in life.
before now, my son was the gratest part of my life, but now it's so amazing that 
you are also a greater part of my life. I'm overwhelmed with joy and these days my 
colleagues have also noticed the recent happiness all over me. A million words is 
toaresmall to express the gratitudee I am to God for putting you in my life. I pray
to him to also unite us as husband and wife, I'm willing to share my joy, happiness
and, are with you.
For me, I had a hard timetimewing up. I told you that I lost my parents at tender 
ages. life was quite difficult for me because in most cases, I had to provide for 
myself. within that stage of my life, i learned to be responsible and 
ddisciplineddrealizing the fact that I was on my own. all I just want is happiness 
and comfort. I always pray to God that I will be patient enough till I meet the 
right woman for me and when I met you, I didn't hesitate to send you a message.
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------
-------------------------------
DAY 6, LOVE MSG PART 1.
-------------------------
I came online because of you.
Being in love with you makes every morning worth waking up with happiness and you 
are the reason that my soul is rejoicing.
I m feeling so happy, do u know why?
You are the star that brightens my life, your care, and good thoughts for me, 
wwwarm
You are the source of my joy. You give my heart so many reasons to celebrate. You 
are always the first thing I think about how when I wake up in the morning and 
before I sleep at night
Even if we lose everything we own but there's something we won't lose... We 
won'tlllose eateachersecause we were made for each other, I will always be there 
for you because your joy and happiness matters most to me.
our relationship was sweet when it was new, it was sweeter when it was true and now
it's the sweetest as we love each other.
My heart is very pleased because you are now a part of it.
Even if I decide to search all over again, I know I will never find anyone as 
precious as you are.
I love my life because you are the best part of my life.
If I was asked to choose whether to breathe or to love you, I would use my last 
breath to tell you that... I love you.
Meeting you was fate,
