Downloaded from: justpaste.it/d7a5o
Facebook Lottery Format 
 
My Name Is Sheryl Sandberg From The Facebook Headquarters Based In The USA,I Was
Asked To Contact You By Mr Mark Elliot Zuckerberg The Founder Of Facebook So That I Can
Pass Across To You Some Good News!
 
Nice To Meet You ..
 
I’m Contacting you in regards of the Good-News I have for you about your account but ,firstly I
would like to know if you have been in contact with any of our Facebook Agent before .?
 
Alright, Have you heard about the Ongoing Facebook Promotion going on for this year?
 
Oh i see
 
I’m so sorry about that..All i want you to know is that Facebook is the first and ever largest
means of meeting both old and new friends and this promotion was done to serve as a means
of recognition and enjoyment of the good qualities to visitors on our website and also to help
people to fight off general scarcity and to maintain a good standard of living...
 
The Facebook draw was taken 12:00 PM (on the 2nd of July 2023) by Facebook Pool
Authority and your Facebook profile name was selected among the 10 lucky people who won
the Facebook online promotion ...
 
The Facebook International Pool Promotion was Organized by a random selection of emails,
you were picked by an advanced automated random computer searcher, and you won the
sum of $500,000.00 USD and A brand new truck which is the money you won in the Online
International Facebook Pool which is a new innovation by the Facebook Authorities..
 
This is aimed to say a big Thank You to all our users for making Facebook their number one
only means to connect, communicate, relate and hook up with their Friends and Families all
over the world...
 
Well Three (3) other winners claimed their winnings prize and they are now Happily living with
their Family..
 
Here are some pictures of our recently winners take a good look at it
 
Hope you can see them clearly?
 
All i want you to know is that this is not a scam, This is real and fully legit,the Facebook is the
biggest social networking website on the internet scene and we can not stoop so low to scam
you, So you have nothing to worry about anymore all you need to do now is to follow my
instruction and your winnings will get to you at your doorstep Ok...
 
I’m your claiming agent and i am here to take you through the steps on how you are going to
claim your winnings Prize ......Okay!
 
Shall we proceed on the claiming of your winnings?
 
Okay that’s not a problem.. First of all, this is your winning code( 11250 ) you are to keep this
number save it very important to you when receiving your winnings okay, And if you re
contacted by someone else apart from me make sure you asked them for the code before
proceeding ..don’t  tell him or her your winnings code please don't, give it out to any other
person except me Ok!!! Kindly write it down and get back to me
 
Your award is attached to Lucky Number (FB-25512560021244), Ticket Number (FB-
5647600545189), Batch Number (FCB/BRLT/2020/879-9000) and Serial Number (FB-
55643451907)...
 
Kindly note this down now on a safe place and keep it safe, once you are done with that, get
me informed here...
 
You are to choose one of the three (3) listed payment option below and your winnings shall be
packaged in accordance to the option you choose:
 
Payment Options/Preferred mode of payment
1. (CASH DELIVERY)
2. (ATM CARD DELIVERY)
3. (CHECK DELIVERY)
 
Your option will be forwarded to the CEO office for him to sign and approve your best
preferred option.
 
==========================================================
Our special diplomatic delivery agent will personally come to your state and release your
winnings to you and also hand-over all your necessary winnings document to you
 
Now you are to provide me some details about yourself, so that i can forward it to the Head
Disbursement, for clarification of your winnings..
 
Full Name:
Contact Address:
Mobile Number:
State:
Age:
Occupation:
Your Email Address:
 
 
Mr James, can you take a picture of your Working Identity Card or Driver's License and send it
to me here, so that we can attach it with your information and send it to the Head Of
Disbursement...
 
I want you to know that the license is needed just for the safety of you and your package, Just
try and send it Ok...
 
Good, i got that, i will forward it to the Head Management of the shipping company right
away...
 
From the desk of the CEO i was sent the scan picture of your Winnings Certificate to show
you for your own view only Ok...
 
Hope you can see your name clearly on your Facebook Winnings Certificate?
 
All i want you to understand is that this Facebook Lottery is fully real and legitimate, but there
are some SCAM ARTISTS and PARTICIPANTS using this opportunity to scam innocent
people and majority had been scammed from this lottery promotion,
 when we discovered that the SCAM ARTISTS are really ruining our company which is making
us to loose customers, then the whole Facebook decided to post online for the Facebook
scam, because the SCAM ARTISTS have damage alot in our company,
 
We also posted it on Google the way the scam ARTISTS are ruining our company, Mrs
Kimberly, i want you to be rest assured this is the right office Ok...
 
NOTE:- In our past program, Facebook has discovered a huge number of double claims due
to winner's informing close friends, relatives and third parties about their winnings and also
sharing their Claim numbers. As a result of this, such friends try to claim the Promo on behalf
of the real winner. So you are hereby strongly advised to keep your winnings strictly
confidential until you claim your prize. Congratulations from the Staffs & Members of the
interactive promo Board Commission.
 
NOTE: YOU ARE ADVISED TO KEEP THE NEWS OF YOUR WINNINGS PRIVATE AND
CONFIDENTIAL. DO NOT TELL ANY INDIVIDUAL OR GROUP OF PEOPLE ABOUT YOUR
WINNINGS DUE TO SECURITY REASONS THAT IS SOMEONE ELSE COMING BEHIND
YOU TO CLAIM THE WINNINGS AND IT IS AGAINST THE LAW AND POLICY GUIDING
THIS LOTTERY SO ADHERE TO IT OR VIOLATION OF THIS POLICY WILL RESULT INTO
THE CANCELLATION OF YOUR WINNINGS.
 
We are asking you to keep your winnings to your self only, due to scammers and we don't
know who is after you and your winnings, so just let your mind be at rest and keep it to your
self only till your package get delivered to you at your door step before you can tell any other
person Ok...
 
A WORD IS ENOUGH FOR A WISE !!!
 
I received this message from the Head Disbursement, Mrs Nancy, i want you to read it clearly
once i send the message to you now Ok...
 
Hello Mr Jason Conradson..
 
Mr Jason , I want you to know your Winnings and some other relevant documents as regards
to your winnings will be delivered to your doorstep by the FedEx Courier Company. Your
Package and your personal information has been forward to them, but you will need to pay
some fee as delivery fee and once they confirmed this payment, your winnings will be carried
out for delivery immediately, and it will get to your doorstep without any delays, which your
tracking number will be issued to you, for you to monitor your winnings to know where it going
and where it has reached.
 
Thanks for choosing Facebook as your number (1) one social network and stay blessed!!!
 
REGARDS
MARK ZUCKERBERG
HEAD OF DISBURSEMENT DEPARTMENT.
 
APPROVED BY
MARK ZUCKERBERG HEAD OF DISBURSEMENT DEPARTMENT.
 
Hope you understand that better,`, FedEx will issue you your tracking number so that you can
track your package and see where the FedEx delivery team are located alright...
 
Mrs Kimberly, i just got a mail from the FedEx company now from Mr Ben Morgan, He just
sent me a mail now, so i want you to read it clearly once i send it to you now and get back to
me here okay.
 
FedEx Corporation Dispatch Department.
 
Dear Bobby Lance. .
 
We hope this mail meets you in good state of mind. We got your package from the Facebook
disbursement department that we should deliver it to your address given to us(5262 CO RD 8
WATERLOO AL 35677) we want you to know that we deliver packages everywhere in the
world without complain and our mode of operation is PBS: Pay before service. Stated below is
the delivery options we offer to our customers so go through it and choose your preferred
option.
 
 
Here is the delivery option FedEx offer to our customers
 
International Express (24hrs Delivery)
TOTAL: $765USD
----------------------------------
Premium Express (48hrs Delivery)
TOTAL: $680USD
---------------------------------
Special Express (72hrs Delivery)
TOTAL: $570USD
----------------------------------
Economy Express (96hrs Delivery)
TOTAL: $480USD
 
We understand that the fee stated above are high for just a mere delivery but we want you to
understand that your package is not a mere package it contains a very high fund and a very
important certificate so we cannot post the package without insuring it most importantly
because we will be held responsible if anything happens to the package that is not insured.
We hope you understand our reasons.
 
Kindly choose your preferred option and get back to this office so you will be directed on how
you are going to made your payment .
 
Be advised to keep the news of your package private and confidential, Do not tell anybody
about it until you receive it to avoid wrong delivery.
 
We await your Swift response
 
Thanks and accept our warmth Congratulations!!!
 
Regards,
Fredrick Smith
Head of Dispatch Department
FedEx Red Star Express Courier Service.
 
That was the message from the FedEx delivery company so you have to act fast on this, you
are to choose one option you can afford and once you make your delivery fee, the FedEx will
issue you your tracking number so that you can track your package and know where the
delivery team are okay.
 
So are you ready to make your delivery fee, so that i can lead you on how you are going to
make your delivery fee to the payment officer?
 
You are required to make the payment VIA Money Gram or Western Union Ok...
 
Here is the FedEx Payment Officer Address you are to send the fee to:
 
Receiver's Name: William Eugene Tomes
City: Champaign
State: Illinois
Zip Code: 61821
 
 9282062453 
 
 
Here is the FedEx Payment Officer Address you are to send the fee to:
 
Receivers Name: Kelly Jeche
State: Minnesota
City: Springvalley
Zipe Code: 55975.
23401
Hope you got that?
 
You can also make the payment online via Mobile Transaction in Western Union and Money
Gram...
 
For Money Gram kindly click on this link and you will directed automatically to where you
would make the paymnet Ok...
    https://secure.moneygram.com/send
 
For Western Union kindly click on this link and you will be directed automatically to where you
would make the payment Ok...
https://www.westernunion.com/us/en/send-money/start.html.
 
 
As soon as you finish sending the payment, Send me a message with the details of the
payment below:
 
Sender's Name:
Sender's Full Address:
Total Amount Sent:
Money transfer control number (MTCN If sent through Western Union):
Reference Number (If sent through Money Gram):
 
Once again Congratulations on your winnings!!!!!
 
Yours faithfully,
Rhythmzo Malay
Online coordinator for Facebook
Online lottery
www.Facebook.com
============================================================
Mrs Kimberly i understand that the fees stated above are high for just a mere delivery but i
want you to understand that your package is not a mere package it contains a very high fund
and a very important certificate so they can not post the package without insuring it most
importantly because they will be held responsible if anything happens to the package that is
not insured.
 
The FedEx is a profit making organization that needs to be paid for the services they render
the Facebook has cleared all government related taxes on this,the only fee you are to pay
yourself is the delivery fee for the delivery of your package to you at your doorstep okay
 
This may sound too good too be true but i bet you this is true and fully legit the FedEx fee is
only fee needed for the delivery of your cash to get to you.
 
I will solely implore you to try as much as you can to raise the delivery fee because this is the
only distance between you and your check Ok.
 
 
The picture of our recent winner who claim her winnings this week i should show you her
picture, she received her winnings by CHECK and she was followed to the bank by the
manager of FedEx Mr Ben Morgan to cash her money, she also paid for the delivery fee..
 
She is also a winner like you...
 
So i want you to try your possible best to raise the delivery, for the immediate delivery of your
winnings, the FedEx delivery team are ready for the delivery of your winnings, immediately
they confirmed the delivery fee of your winnings, your winnings will be carry out for delivery
without any delays, which will get to your doorstep in the next 24hrs, where you in person will
sign for it and a picture of you will be taken, as one of the 2016 Facebook International Lottery
winner.
 
I want you to understand that this requested fee is for the shipment of your package to you
and we also want you to know that there is no way they can ship the package to you if you
don't have the fee paid to the right department according to their mode of operation.
 
I want you to know that they deliver packages everywhere in the world without complain and
thier mode of operation is PBS: Pay before service not COD: Cash on delivery Ok.
 
I want you to know that's the same price FedEx have given other winners, FedEx will be
delivering your winnings directly to your home address, without any delays.
 
We are still giving you our 100% Assurance and Guarantee that you must surely receive your
winnings like the other beneficiary but now you seem to be depriving yourself from this
blessing and your chance of getting this winnings is slipping away due to delays because you
still remain among our beneficiary that has not yet received your winning prize so take note
and act fast about this to avoid more delay of your winnings OK.
 
Sorry what you are requesting for is beyond my power, There is NO WAY the delivery charges
fee can be deducted from your winnings,or delivered to you before the payment cos it has
been sealed and it is against our protocol and it is stipulated in our protocol that all winner's
must mind any imposed fee on them before their payment can be effective. This is in
accordance with section 13(1)(n) of the national gambling act as adopted in 1993 and
amended on 3RD July 1996 by the constitutional assembly. This is to protect winners and to
avoid misappropriation of funds.
 
I want you to know that your prize is protected by a hardcover insurance policy, which makes it
impossible to deduct any amount from the money before it has been remitted to you.
 
This means that the above charges cannot be deducted from the prize and hence must be
provided by you before your package is delivered to you. This is in accordance with section
13(1)(n) of the national gambling act as adopted in 1993 and amended on 3RD July 1996 by
the constitutional assembly. This is to protect winners and to avoid misappropriation of funds.
 
On a serious side, many people are asking us what can be done about these Facebook promo
Scams. The sad fact is that there are so many Facebook promo scams that they will be
caught. Our agents are working on how to detect the scams and making sure they are been
tracked down soon, So you have nothing to feel skeptical about.. Your winnings is 100% Real
and Legit.
 
Meanwhile, Understand this that fear is a waste of precious time, for time is something that
can't be earned or created, but it can surely be destroyed. Fear creates hesitation and
hesitation creates failure. Success comes from those who view each day as an opportunity to
come one step closer to achieve their goals.
 
I know and understand your financial situation also with what you are going through now but to
be sincerely speaking i can't lie to you about your winnings when we have already gotten
many of the winners winnings delivered to them.
 
We just want to make sure you are getting your code to you as soon as you pay for your
DELIVERY fee to the right office.
 
Firstly, I want you to note that what we need most to get this winnings completed without any
form of delay is TRUST !!!
 
Mr. Sam i know what going on with you, But I want you to put your mind at rest we are doing
our best okay, i will advice you to make your delivery fee done fast,i want you to know that
once you make the delivery fee, your tracking number will be forward to you, so that you can
be tracking your winnings and know where they are okay.
 
Mrs. Elizabeth i want you to out your mind at your cos your winnings is 100% real and
legitimate but i want you to know that you are to pay for the delivery fee before your winnings
can get down to your doorstep in the next 24 hours ok and i want you to know that the
Facebook CEO has cleared some Tax fee attached to your winnings all you need to pay for is
the delivery fee and once you make the fee your winnings will get to you ok so TRUST ME am
giving you my 100% TRUST ok
 
Mr. Sam i want you know that your package is private and it only the private FedEx in the
California that has the right to deliver your winnings to you, They are the only one who know
that your package is with them, if you go to any other office, they just tell you that they don't
have your package okay .
 
Once you can try your possible best and pay this said fee, I promise you that i won't let you
down, I have promised you and I can't break my promises... I'm a honest and Trustworthy
woman.. and I have promised the LORD that I will not break any of my promises that I made
to human beings like me
 
I want you to know that we don't need your money and we are not scamming you, because i
am a good christian blood of Jesus is running in my vein, trust me i am a woman of my word, i
have tried my best to let you understand that, i'm not a scammer, well, if you have interest in
your winnings, you would have obey me, i have being a good friend to you and i really want
your sadness to end in praise.
 
NOTE:Facebook Lottery Prize must be claimed not later than 3days from date of Draw
Notification after the Draw date in which Prize has won. Note: Any prize not claimed within this
period (3days) will be forfeited.
 
Madam you are not sending the Money to the Facebook Board,It will be sent to the
ADMINISTRATIVE/ENDORSEMENT for them to Arrange all Necessary Document and also
STAMP&APPROVED on your Certificate by the International Monetary Funds IMF (1 Hacker
way , Menlo park CA. 94026. USA)
 
 
 
 
Mr Thomas this is the tracking number to your package, but it is not yet install to the FedEx
Courier Service data base due to the delivery charges you are ask to pay Tracking Number
Code ( 357688896547 ) . Once will confirm your payment you will be able to track your package
okay..
 
 
Get back to us if you are rges over you and your money, please take that out of your mind,
that is really awful thing on the earth that I will never think about doing.
 
I think the most important thing for you to note here is that you are dealing with the right office
and the right person and that is a confirmation  that you are taking a bold step in the right way
and manner and definitely you will receive your funds as soon as you comply to the given
advise.
 
I am a human and I have human feelings,I know you may have gone through rigorous
processes in the past before or have rigorous experience  and that is why you are not all that
comfortable with the arrangement so far,but I want to assure you as a God fearing person, that
you are not going to regret any step you will take on this.
 
 
I am a human and I have human feelings,I know you may have gone through rigorous
processes in the past before or have rigorous experience  and that is why you are not all that
comfortable with the arrangement so far,but I want to assure you as a God fearing person, that
you are not going to regret any step you will take on this.
 
You should know that a Man is an architect of his own fortune and therefore should not allow
any body or the past to discourage you in your efforts to achieve your goal more especially a
benefiting one like this,which came to you by the Grace of GOD not by your own power nor by
your might,Which is almost in your hand,okay dear.
 
I know you can only force a horse to the river but cannot force it to drink water. I can give you
the best advise I can as I have my integrity to protect as good name is better than riches.
 
I know that you are having doubts in mind regarding the way you have to send money for your
delivery ,and also considering the fact that things are really difficult but I can sincerely tell you
that you do not have anything to loose. I am a man of my word and I have to tell you that my
word is my bond and I cannot live without fulfilling it,seeing is believing and I can assure you
that you are not paying any other money other than this.
 
I believe in honesty,transparency and trust,I know it is not easy to trust but the truth remains
that you have to trust someone and I want to put it direct to you that hence you trust in me,I
can never disappoint you and for sure you will see that I am really a man of my word.
 
So do not loose hope at all,have faith and trust in God and pray always as that is the first thing
I and my family do because the lord is a faithful God and does not disappoint any one that
believe and have faith in him.
 
You can read the Book of  Psalm 5:11-12.W
 
So commit all you have to God through prayers and wait for his blessings.advantage of you
