Information
Type     Public
School district     Alcester-Hudson School District 61-1
Principal     LeeAnn Haisch
Head of school     Shane Voss, Superentendent
Grades     9-12
Number of students     approximately 450
Color(s)     Blue and Gold
Athletics     Basketball, cross country, football, golf, track, volleyball, and wrestling
Mascot     Cubs
Newspaper     Bear Facts


Brown
Hair Color:     Brown
Height:     170 cm - 5 feet and 7 inches
Weight:     59 kg - 130 lbs
Measurements:     34B-26-36



82001-3790, HR CALL 800-477-4520.






----------------------------------------------------------------------------
                        Being New in the Site
----------------------------------------------------------------------------

Its really nice to meet you and check out your profile, in fact i really like all what your profile says about you and its seems that we have lots in common.

I am new to mate1 and i just got my profile into this site and my pictures has not yet been uploaded, but i have my pictures that i can share with you or send to your e-mail if you don't  mind and hope to get to know more about each other and add you to my yahoo messenger.

What's your yahoo mail address or yahoo messenger Im address so that we can know more about each other.

----------------------------------------------------------------------------
                           My Introduction
----------------------------------------------------------------------------
I am Stacy White by my name,  i am 30years old. I am a cosmetologist by my profession,The study or art of Skin and cosmetics and their use. I have once worked in Cosmetics company, textile store, a collection of textiles design and sewing materials and i was lay off job now.


What's your  name, how old are you, what do you do for a living and where are you originated from?


I was born and raised up in Allen,Texas City but presently in west Africa Nigeria,but i'm planing to move back to state or relocate to any where as soon as i have  meet my dream man or responsible honest, loyal caring man that i can spend all the rest of my life with and commit and dedicate all my life unto him.

I hope you don't mind about our age difference and my present location where i am right now which is West Africa Nigeria, because i think to commit a long-term relationship, age difference or age sector does not matter and distance doesn't matter at all because it doesn't has to  affect the true and real love that we are both seeking for.

And i think age is ordinary number and its just for counting and i don't believe in it. All what really matter most to me is loyalty, honesty, sincerity and respect.

Or does Age difference and my present location bother you?

I am lonely single female i don't have any kid and i have never been into any serious relationship because my last relationship does not work out in 2006 when I fell in love with some one, he cheated on me and he used to lie and break my heart. He is a drug addict and he used to it to the extent of beating me all the time or some time when he got drinker he will bring another woman into the house and I could see that he did not respect me at all, that  a the reason why I left him and I had been living a lone now since 2006.


Are you a single male, do you have any kid, have you ever been to any relationship before?


----------------------------------------------------------------------------
                  Why i have been in Nigeria
---------------------------------------------------------------------------


I lost my father in 1999 while my mom passed away last year and suffered from cancer of the lungs and it was due to finnacial problem because there is no one that can help us or assist us to save my mom life.

Because my late dad family has collected and siezed some of my late dad properties from us because they want to inherit every thing and want it all to become their own alone. I came to west Africa Nigeria in last year after the sudden death of my dear mom, whom i lost with cancer of the lungs in March 15th, 03:15 pm 2010 at United Medical Center 214 East 23rd Street Cheyenne Wyoming 


I had been staying and living with my late dad family after the demissing and burial of my dear mom, but suddenly they just turned their wicked and evil act on me because of my late parent properties and their wealth which they wants every thing to be their own alone because of their are wickedness, calos, greediness and evil doer attitude.

More over most of them are used to hard drugs and drinking of acohol and its really against my christianity believe and my faith.

Because my both parent were real, devouted catholic Christian and God is first in our life because we are living a happy christianity life without hurting any one and never have anything to do with my late dad family until when every thing turns to be like this.


But one day, i just figured out that my late dad family were planing evil to me and trying to hurt my life and giving me a threat all the time because they are drug addict and evil doer, and they stand negatively against the words of God despite of been a christian.

I think they were doing this because of my late dad properties which they really wants every thing to become thier own alone and they think as soon as they have elliminate my life and got me killed, no one is going to stand to ask them any thing about my dad properties and got every thing inheritted.

My late dad family doesn't like me and my mom because it was my Late mom that changed my late da life and took him from worse background to a christianity life and got him Born again and got him baptized from the evil doer family. That is the reason why my late dad family were wishing me dieing just because we are a real christian and they aren't.

They always behaved like a devil incarnate and been doing all the bad and worst things in life and all their attitude is very worst and against my Christianity faith and believe because my both late parent were a gospel preachers while they were alive.

My both parent were very hard woking, loving, caring, supportive and Godly man and they do really have God and put God as first in all thier ways, and i think i am following their path and ready to live and spend my life as they did with a christianity value.

But i really gives Kudos to almighty God that revealed all their evil secret plans to the mother superior who came from Nigeria to  my church  annual uuditorium convention of my church in Alcester for the end of the year.

I explained every thing to her about my life and how i have been suffering with my Christianity faith in Christ, that is the reason why i came down to Nigeria with this woman.

This woman really like me because i am a singer,  i love to sing a lots and i always lead Soprano for my church and i had been working for the Gospel ministry since my 10 years old after my baptism.

It was this woman that prophetsize all this and asked me to come to Nigeria with her so that i will be able to live safely here till any time that i wish to get back to United state or even when i am ready to get marry or relocate to any where.

But this woman want to be sure that i left United state without the concent of my late dad family so that they won't be able to know my where about or know any thing about me, and that is the reason why i have came down to Nigeria with Superior Mother Analiza Water


I have not hear or read from Superior Analiza Water that brought me to Nigeria since February of this year when she left Nigeria for her for New Zealand for World Gospel Crusade before i heard that Deaconess Analiza Water has dead in last April 10th And that is the reason why i am still here in Africa Nigeria.

Altough she is older enough because she is about 75 years old Godly woman, May her soul rest in great perfect peace and sleep at the right hand of our creator Amen.

That is the reason why i left Usa for Nigeria because i don't want anything that can hurt my life or leads me to destruction. More so i am woman of hope and independent woman, i don't really care about properties or wealth or men's wealth, i believe in my self and in what God have in plans for me.

I don't have any joy nor happiness since the day that i had became an orphan and been in nigeria, all my day has been bad and so boring and lonely because there is no one that i can lean on or spend my days with.

But i am ready to get out of here some day when i meet some one that will like to take me as i am and never judge me with my condition or how i am living down here in Nigeria and some one that will like tohave me as his wife without sending me out of his house through divorce. Some one that will appreciate living a simple life without getting any one hurt or judge the book by its cover, because every human being has its own destiny carrying accross the world.

I am so simple in nature and i know what i am looking for in this life, more over i will never force any man to marry me or get me to his home. No. i am not here for that, if you know that i am really fit to be part of your life and i have all the qualities that you are seeking for in a woman to be your wife, i think we will both join hands together and work things out to be real.


I am the only surviving daughter of my parent, while i don't have any sister nor brothers.

Were your parent still alive, do you have any brother or sister?

adebowale1234@ymail.com

----------------------------------------------------------------------------
                     Who i'm seeking for
----------------------------------------------------------------------------


I am really looking for a man whose completely honest and sincere about his words and feelings. A man who is ready for a long term relationship and ready to build up a family with someone real and honest as caring as i am. A marriage minded and family orientate man that i can devout all my life to.


I want you to know that I am actually looking for long lasting relationship with a decent man, someone honest, caring, romantic, loyal, intelligent, passionate ,loving and confident...who has focus and knows what he wants. Most of all i care for happiness and a bit of adventure in my life.

I want a man who i know i can have faith and completely trust with all my heart,because to make a standard relationship it must really be based on trust, loyalty, caring, mind sharing and understanding because love and trust are one big family.


What are you really seeking for in a woman to be your wife and what are you seeking for on here babe


----------------------------------------------------------------------------
                To proof my sincerity to you
----------------------------------------------------------------------------


I want you to know that i am a sincere, honest, caring, kind, friendly very easy to get along with. I am social, romantic, passionate, smart, intelligent, cool headed,adaptive,have a big heart. And i do believe in the truth and honesty as God is first in my life.

And i believe that honesty is the only key to human success, and with honest, i believe in myself and my life is really based on truth,and its all about who i really am.

I know the kind of  woman i am and the way i treat others.I really do care alot about others who care for me, because i am a very caring and passionate woman and my heart is so blessed and lovely.


I believe in devoting my time, my life, my heart, my body and my soul to my loved one and make him real happy,because he's my joy and happiness, and i always do look forward to that day i will get to meet my dream man.

And i know when my dream man gets to meet me he will be so happy to get along with the kind of woman i am.

Please can you tell me all the qualities that you are seeking for in your dream woman to be your wife, may be i have the qualities out of all my life personalities that i listed for  you?


I will really like to know more about you and your motives because my intentions is to get to know you,and really do know the kind of person you are, and hopefully meet in person, because its one of my policy to share honest and sincerity with open mind together, because i hate games and pranks and am not here for kinda things.


I love to be sincere about my words as i don't have any hiding agendas. Because i hate to make people feel bad.I really do believe that every one should at least be given a great chance to smile and share there feelings to each other.

What about you babe?



----------------------------------------------------------------------------
                           My personalities
----------------------------------------------------------------------------

This is bit about my personalities which i would like to tell you


I like listening to music and i like swimming,camping,shopping,reading,and even dance too, because music is really part of my life and i can't do without listening to music in a day. And my kind of music is Gospel R$B with Country and Opera.

I love music a lot and i have well over 1,300 cds made of RnB. i like to go running 4 miles. i like to watch/go to movies. i draw a cartoon strip i began when i was 10. i like to be outside. some shopping.

I like nature,camping in tent for vacation. I love hunting, fishing, camping, hiking,boating, swimming, bicycling, playing volleyball, watching movies,gardening, cooking exercising, dining out and going to the beach.

I always make sure i clean the house regularly and put all house accessories in order. I love doing laundries and i love reading novels as well as cooking and doing a lot of house works. I also like to hang out with my loved one as well


I like going to beach and cinema and i like playing basket ball and long tennis and swimming for fun, and i love all out doors games.

What do you do for fun or do at your spare time?

I still don't know what I did to be so lucky to click on your name and who knows may be my dream has come true.

I am so thankful though, in this short period of time that we've been getting to know more about each other and we have grown so much and I can't wait to see what the future holds for us.

I will really like to know more about you, because my heart and soul is really waiting for a long term relationship.


----------------------------------------------------------------------------
                          My favorite food
----------------------------------------------------------------------------

My favorite food are cabbage, salad, fried rice, pasta and hamburger,with little Italian and i like eating balance diet with light non-alcoholic drinks or fruits drinks. I don't smoke, i don't drink or take any alcohol and i have never use any or involved in any hard drug as a real loyal responsible woman suppose to be.

What are your favorite food, do you smoke, drink or take any hard drug?

I don't really have lots of hobbies that  i do but at least i know how to have fun and make myself smile and laugh when ever i got bored, i like to exchange ideas and get to learn about new people and new things.Because that's really the best way to build up our own life to care for others and get to know alot about them, but i prefer hanging out with people i know i can trust and share alot with

What about you sweetie?


----------------------------------------------------------------------------
Here are my measurements that i will like you to know.
----------------------------------------------------------------------------


I have blonde hair with brown eye,while my weight is 59 kg - 130 lb, my height is 5-5 which is 165 cm - , my bust is 38C, my waist is 26,  my shoe 9-9.5, my dress is 3-5, My hips is 36

What are your measurements ?


----------------------------------------------------------------------------
Here is what i will like you to know about my education Carrier .
----------------------------------------------------------------------------


I attended Alcester-Hudson High School located at Alcester, South Dakota, United States and i earn my first degree as a Fashionist and Cosmetician at Kentucky University, Kentucky Usa.

What High School and University did you attend?


----------------------------------------------------------------------------
                     About the Age difference
----------------------------------------------------------------------------

I hope you don't mind about our age difference and my current location where i am presently which is west Africa Nigeria, because i think to commit a long-term relationship, age difference or age sector does not matter and distance doesn't matter at all because it does not affect the true love and real love that both are seeking for.

And i think age is ordinary number and its just for counting and i don't believe in it. All what really matter most to me is loyalty, honesty, sincerity and respect.

I will really get to know your motives and intentions towards me because i really would want to work towards getting to meet you in person and hopefully see what happens next.

I am woman of hope,independent and am not into head games or disappointment or trying to hurt some one's life to make life easier to live for me.

Never i am not here to hurt any living soul like me and i will never allow any man to hurt my life or play games with my heart, that's why i have been living with honest and use honest and sincerity as my watchword. And am not going into divorce, never i will not do that because i don't have believe in such thing.




----------------------------------------------------------------------------
About my ex Boy friend and  my past Relationship
----------------------------------------------------------------------------



You are the first man in my life, i have never meet or chat with any man in my life and i have never been to any relationship despite of sleeping with a man or having any sexual intercourse.


I am new on here and you are the first man that i would ever share my feeling with or contact on here and its just because of your Christianity believes and we really have lots in common if we are a couple.

This are the reason why i have not go into any relationship since all this day and the reason why i have been keeping my virginity for my dream man to be my husband.


Honey, its not easy to just jump into a relationship or quickly fall in love with some one that we just met each other and to find  or meet good soul heart it will be so long and some men of this days are very wicked with retch heart,


some men were not ready to commit a long term relationship and they are not ready to settle down or live with woman and have some one living with them under the same roof.

And some men does believe in using woman as their sex slave and sex toy which has means i can't never afford to do or subscribe my heart into such a thing, because i am just seeking for something real, strong, pure, unique and genuine.

And  i don't want to useless my body and lose my virginity with uncare man, or some one that doesn't ready to get marry. But am ready to give all my body to my dream man to be my husband at any time that he want me on bed, and make sweet passionate love together.

More so i have promised my late mom that i wont lose my virginity and i will not fall in love or sleep with any man just any how until i meet the man of my life which has means my dream man to be my husband.

I love to fulfill promise, and i don't want to betray or disappoint my late mom trust and her believes in me. And that's why i am still a single and remain virgin till today that i met you. And i am ready  submissive all my body, my life, my heart, my body and my soul to my dream man.



----------------------------------------------------------------------------
           About My Christianity Faith in Christ
----------------------------------------------------------------------------



I am devoted catholic christian woman, and i believe in honesty and loyalty, i have been working for the gospel ministry since my 10 years old after my baptist in my church in Alcester, i do sing soprano for my church in Dakota.

And i have been choosing honest as my watchword, i really hate to been dishonest to some one or cheat some one or lie to human being like me, That's why i love to be open minded and loyal at all time, because i don't have a stone heart.

What about you, and what are you really seeking for in a relationship, is it a long-term relationship or friendship, or short time?

Because am not here for friendship at all, friendship doesn't last at all, and it always end up to braking down of one heart, Because only long-term relationship can last and strong according to my Christianity believes.


                                 


----------------------------------------------------------------------------
                About my Coming back to States
----------------------------------------------------------------------------




I have been planning to get back to state, but i don't want to go back stay or live in Alcester Dakota any more, because there is no one left for me that i can share my feelings with and i don't want to stay or live ever and ever with my late dad family anymore. I want you to know that  all what is holding me down here in nigeria is little money that I owed for the hotel bill and the hotel manager has seized my passport and  my return ticket so that I will not be able to run away without paying their hotel bill.

But am ready to relocate to some one that ready to have me as his wife till eternity and not to divorce me. That is the reason why i have make up my mind to share all my heart with you and relocate over there to you so that we can both start a new life together and bid bye bye to loneliness.

And as soon as i get help with the balance fee of my plane ticket, i will be able to change my destination landing airport to the nearest airport to your city, and my flight details with my flight schedule including my departure and arrival time of my flight shall be send to your e-mail so that you will be able to know my arrival and departure time that you will come and pick me up at the airport.


All what is holding me down here in Nigeria is just $1350, but i will use $30  to change my destination landing airport to the nearest airport to your city.



I assure you that as soon as i can be able to get help with this hotel bill to pay this debt and get all my paper from the hotel management,i will do anything to be with you and i will surely come into your life and stay there forever with you in your home.

I don't want to ask you for this, to help me with the balance fee of my plane ticket or to get me over there with you in your home but there is no one left for me that i can contact for help and i just don't want to turn my self to a beggar because of the balance fee of my plane ticket to get me to your home and there is no one that i could contacted for help, there is no one to run to for help i just have to hold on to my faith and see what God has in gift for me.

Well i really want to be with you at all cost because right now my heart is yours and no one will take it from you and no one will change my mind as i have stand on the oath of love that no matter what i will love you for life and i will cherish every moment we spend together as husband and wife till eternity.




----------------------------------------------------------------------------
              I just dont Care for your money
----------------------------------------------------------------------------



But i just want  you to know that i do not fall in love with you just because you are wealthy or you have money or you have good properties not at all. I just fall in love with you and ready to be with you and start a new life with you because of your sincerity and your loyalty to me and we really have lots in common and i know that when we are together i will not have any problem of living and you will give me happiness and joy.

More so i just want you because of all your personalities and my life doesn't depends on money and i am not a money lover at all and i will never depends on men's wealth.

Although some women does, they do use men as a step up and use their advantages of  been honest and loyalty to snatch all their properties and their wealth by giving or sharing a fake love with men, but i am not here for that and i don't have such in my mind.

And some people will pretend to share fake love with men to show him that they love him and when they start living together and after some years, the woman will just go through divorce and leave the man so that she can get all his properties and share all mens wealth equally.

Can you see that some women are bad and evil doer.

I am just the woman of mission and passion and i am whom i said i am to you and i will never hurt your life or leave your home or hurt your life, and i am ready to be with you for real till eternity till i die and live old with you.




---------------------------------------------------------------------------
                        More about me
----------------------------------------------------------------------------

I want you to realize one fact that in no occasion will I lie to you or been dishonest to you. What would i gain in such? I wish i could open my heart for you to see so that you can be sure i am yours alone and i am ready to be your every thing in nature.


I don't know what else to say than to tell you that I will always be myself, honest, faithful, caring, loving and affectionate, I do hope you would believe me, lets give love a chance to win and I pray that we will never regret we do so
                                  


I just want to tell  that i am very simple, i like to be open minded without tell lies or hurt your life or hiding any of my feelings to you and I'm an outgoing romantic, easy going. loyal, Godly, marriage minded caring person that want to commit a long term relationship.

My glass is always half full, being an optimist, life is an adventure. I'm willing to try new things, you never know until you try, ( i.e ).i am honest and appreciate honesty from others. I don't have time for mind games. Whoever i am  and whatever you are is the way it should be.

No sense in making our-self  into someone we are not or pretending to act like some one that we aren't or call our self as whom we are not, too much drama. It's better to be straight up at the beginning and allow the other person to choose if we are really fit into their world.

The element in those who lied, cheat, play games to hurt humans life and got some one into disappointment and play a tricks and for those who use someone advantage to make life easier to live for them never impressed me at all and its just because of my Christianity believes.

I strive every day to be a better person than i was yesterday, never know how a smile or kind word will impact the life of another. It's always better to be a blessing than been a misery into someone else.

I treat people with respect and expect the same in return because if someone has no clue how to act, then they have shown me that they are unworthy of my time and i am not the kinda type of woman that fit into their life to commit a relationship with instead of been forcing himself to be who is not. In fact, they have done me a favor by revealing who they really are to me.

Laughter is the best ever, at least we must be able to know and learn how to laugh at each other and share our minds together because two head are better than one and i know this world is too full of miserable people.

Honey i am looking for the missing piece to my puzzle, the one that completes me, he will be intelligent, funny, caring, with a good heart and a very good sense of humor. And i know i have found you because you really sounded so great to be true and you have all the qualities that i am seeking for in my soul mate and that is the reason why i fall in love with you and give you all my heart. I have a lot to offer for you in person as your true heart passionate woman of your heart and a dream come true. However no time for all the wrong ones but you are great and so perfect to fall in love with me babe.

I do not like liars, never understood why they waste peoples time, and not to mention their own. I am looking for someone who is passionate/compassionate. Someone who knows that life is short, and it's also what you make it and i know that you are the person and you really make me happy today because i just don't believe that things could ever go straight as it be now, thank you very much for taking me as i am  sweety.

Honey, i live and spend my each day as if it were my last theory on earth and i think one of the sexiest things a woman can possess is a good altitude. And i am looking for positive people, negative ones bore me, because negative people spend too much time dwelling on things they can't probably change, caught in suspense, never reaching goals or striving to be any better, but you are one in a million sweety and you make me believe that true and real love does exist in so many ways. Thank you for that sweety.

Babe, if this were a perfect world, then all of us would be perfect. There is no perfect human being, there are only those who strive towards perfection. I am looking for an equal, someone to go through life's hills and valleys with which is you and i know that i have found all my joy and happiness in you sweety.

I am ready to commit a long-term relationship with you and spend all thy life in your home and I'd just like to add and build a fence around your heart not a wall, allow others to see but not readily touch. Let them approach and behold, to consider its beauty.

I enjoy the outdoors especially the beach.Walking on the beach at night, waves crashing restlessly, a million stars in the sky, ahhh perfect for me. I also like dining out, plays, movies, art another of my passions. I'm pretty flexible as far as activities goes.


If it is meant to be,then every word and every touch will fuel our passion like flames. and we may be one.Love is not about finding the right person, but creating a right relationship as the days pass by to months and years if we connect positively. It's not about how much love you have in the beginning or the fear to fall in love again, but how much love you build till the you touch yourselves and make it real.

The greatest thing you'll ever learn, is just to love and be loved in return,You will never know love unless you surrender to it,Someday, when I'm awfully low, I will feel a glow just thinking of you and i will like to get to know you more better.

I will also like to get to know more about you and see if we can make things real.


          
----------------------------------------------------------------------------
                      About the Relationship
----------------------------------------------------------------------------


I am Looking for an honest trusted,loving caring and trust worthy down to earth to every one in life and generous laugh with any one to make people happy and lively that will not be having a double date that will not cheat on me.

I prefer healthy board to have a good form and i like free air of the cleanness at home, like to prepare tasty & experiment in the kitchen and my perception of an ideal relationship.

So, i like cheerful, kind, overt, honest, many-sided people. I prefer well-bred,well-educated, strong, courageous, purposeful, independent men, who is fit with sense of gladness every day. Who think, that family, children and mutual understanding between close people - is one of the significant part of happiness in the life.

I am from a good background, I am a very good Christian and I am born into a Christian family, I am very faithful and honest and under no circumstance will i be unfaithful to my partner or anyone to add to this i am a choir at the church and I sing very well.

I am well brought up and I know what I am required of as a wife.

And someone that will appreciate living a simple life, i am passionate, sensitive, giving, person who finds a great sense of humor attractive. Honesty and integrity are important to me,and i find communication is the backbone of any relationship. I'm considerate and affectionate, a good listener.

                                                            
I am a woman of high,moral,integrity, kind and very supportive, smart, funny, inscrutable, loving, easy to talk to, dependable, kind, honest,loyal. And i am God fearing woman and in everything i do put honesty as first because honesty and loyalty leads me through the part i take in my life without been hurting.

I believe in Christian values as this is what guides my life. I work hard to make things happy for myself always and that is the reason why i fall in love with you.

And i have accepted your proposal because you are a man with hardworking energy, not a couch potato. you are a well groomed, thoughtful, caring, lovely,obedience,responsible,faithful and a God fearing man.

Sweetie, i want this relationship to work out for real and leads to marriage if that is what you wants and planning for, that accepts as well as gives.


Because i am one man woman and i want to be alone in your beautiful arms where i do belongs and where I'm gonna spend all my eternal life.

I'll be faithful to you in respond my precious king, and i will do all my possible best to just treating a man as a man should be treated, and to give you a lots of respect with unlimited caring that you deserve as my husband.

And i will never think of divorce or leave you or run away for you when i get to your home, All i want is stable with long term relationship without been divorce and i don't have that in my mind and i don't ever pray for that in my life.

That is the reason why i have been so patient to search and seek for my soul mate before God really sent you to me from heaven.


My king, i fall in love with you and gave you all my life not because you are wealthy or you are rich or you have good profession or you are earning good money.

Please i want you to know that i do not fall in love with you just because i want your money or your wealth or your house,


I am not a money lover and i'm not a money dependants at all and my life is not unto money and i will never trade out my love to any man because of wealth because this world is full of vanity.

But i do appreciate true and real love and that is all about me. I fall in love with you just because i ave been so lonely and living a loneliness life and i am looking for a long lasting relationship with a decent man.

Someone honest, caring, romantic, loyal, intelligent, passionate ,loving and confident,who has focus and knows what he wants in life. That is the reason why i fall in love with you because we have lots in common and we are really compatible in nature.


Most of all i care for happiness and a bit of adventure in my life.If it is meant to be, our hearts will find each other when we meet. And if our hearts melt together so will our bodies and souls.

Then every word and every touch will fuel our passion like flames. I will turn to be yours, you will become mine, and we may be one.Love is not about finding the right person, but creating a right relationship as the days pass by to months and years if we connect positively.


To find a real true love with a stable long lasting relationship is not about how much love you have in the beginning or the fear to fall in love again, but how much love you build till the you touch yourselves and make it real.


The greatest thing you'll ever learn, is just to love and be loved in return,You will never know love unless you surrender to it,someday, when I'm awfully low, I will feel a glow just thinking of you.


Is it true that someone older in age knows how to do and take care and treat a lady perfectly, I don't really know how to say this but its like there is something special about you right from when I met you.

One thing I understand about love is that, love is not judged to be right by how far or how long but how well and also how truly serious are the two people feeling for each other.

I believe that the solid foundation to a long lasting relationship should be built on trust, truth, honesty and loyalty and i am very happy that we both have it all and the interest of mutual feelings in both partners will bring about understanding.


My king you really deserve and worth of dieing for, i am ready to be yours till heaven call and till eternity.

One thing i understand about something good is this, no good thing will come easy, if we are really and truly meant for each other, there must be challenges we have to face on our way to achieving our aim and we will surely overcome those challenges.


Actually I know that Almighty lord has accepted my prayer and hear my crying and my woe by sending and bless me with a good, caring, loving and romantic man like you to be my eternity partner,but i never knew it could be this real. I thank the good lord for bringing you unto my way.


There are two important things to make one's life worth living. One is to have a true friend who will be there for him or her always to share your friendly advice and the second is to have a lover to share your love and affection with you and make you feel loved.


Anyone of these is good as many people in the world today may have one of it and will remain happy, but I am happy I have both and that's you



I cant imagine any better thing than being with you at the moment and look into your eyes and watch the sun start to rise from there. i wish you could hold me and cuddle me in your arms right now


One thing about you men is, many of you pretend to be who you are not, just to get a lady up to you wherever you are and use her up to satisfy your sexual needs and later drop her.

I hope you are different but how can I be sure that I will be safe while with you and will not be maltreated as just a sex slave. How can I trust you on this? But i believe and i do trust you and i have %100 guaranty assurance on you that you will not do that to me when i get to your home.



i know you are for real and that this is not all about internet fantasy just to wipe your time or to satisfy a horny mood because i am for real and seriously looking for a lifetime soul-mate.And as i am new to this internet relationship,i would not like to fall a victim.


As future husband and wife, I believe there should be a kind of physical intimacy between us cos I don't really believe much in this online thing as I am new to it unlike being together and really see how we feel about each other.


My king, i am very happy as we have been trying to make an arrangement to meet physically so as to make this relationship real and everlasting.

One thing I understand about nature is that life itself is a risk, we don't have power over tomorrow, we can only try to make tomorrow a better day by trying our best and leave the rest.


I am ready to risk anything, even my very self, to secure your happiness and bring lots of joy into your life because my heart belongs to you and i'm ready to give it all to you


There are stages in ones life when one needs to take chances to make sure things are right. I believe a try will convince you.


Please don't leave me all to myself because around you I have built my world to you and i am ready to dance on the moon with you and walk hand in hand at the beach on our honeymoon day, it will definitely drive me crazy, please give me one chance to love you more and dedicate all my life to you and  you will never regret you did.



I am so excited about the day a celebration will come when we are going to walk hand in hand at the beach for our honey moon.We are like the earth and sky, one family under the sun tears of pain, tears of joy, one thing nothing can destroy is our pride and love. deeply inside me, we are one.

All the wisdom to lead,all the courage that you need, you'll find when you see we are one. dont hang around with people who will feed your doubts but rather hang around with people who will feed your Faith.

Feed your faith and starve away your doubts about me because i am for real and i really love you and want to spend all the rest of my life with you over there.I am not happy as i am here feeling a lonely life all the time



All relationships have some adjustment periods, but being hurt shouldn?t be part of being in love. Loving relationships have good qualities, such as support from your partner, a willingness to communicate, a desire to compromise, and open an honest communication and be faithful to each other.


When we do not have all these fundamental qualities in a relationship, that relationship isn?t likely to grow, and become something that we desire but i am very happy that we have all the qualities that stand behind the true and real love in a  relationship and our relationship will work out for real. I am so happy

In a relationship, i want you to know that we must be able to care for each other and stand beside support from time to time. When your loved one does not offer you their support it may be time to look at your relationship.



As we all want to nurture those that we love. We want the best in life for those that we care about. If your partner is unwilling to listen to you, and to your problems, they are not meeting your needs when you need support.


Support can come in many forms, someone lending an ear, someone going out of their way to help you, or something as simple as a phone call to cheer you up. Make sure your partner gives you support when you need it.



I want you to know that when engaging in a relationship with another person there is always going to be things that you do not agree upon. You want to have the ability to compromise so both partners are getting their wishes met.

This may mean one night you watch football, and one night your partner watches a movie you enjoy. It might mean that your partner can agree to try a dish that you enjoy cooking.

In any organization with more than one person in it, there will be more than one opinion, work with your partner to see that both of you can compromise on different subjects. If someone isn?t willing to compromise, they are not willing to acknowledge your wants and desires.


If they can not acknowledge your wants they are likely not emotionally developed enough for you to have your needs met.

Open and honest communication is one of the more desirable qualities you want to have in a relationship. Watch to see that your partner is not secretive, nor are they willing to tell lies to avoid certain subjects.

For an instance, if a partner is married, and fails to tell you that, you can rightfully assume if they can lie about big things, they can lie about small things.
While you may not like everything your partner may say, freedom to be honest should be there in your relationship.

Likewise, you need to be open and honest with your partner; a relationship based upon false truths is not likely to be successful, because both partners do not have the correct frame of reference in the relationship.


There are many qualities that make relationships good support, compromise, and open and honest communication is just a few of these qualities that you may desire in a relationship.


Engage only in relationships where both partners can openly discuss their wants and needs, this can take practice.

Remember loving relationships grow and only become better, eliminate those who do not meet your needs when they continually fail to support you, will not compromise, and will not be honest.

These three qualities alone will help you nurture and develop a deeper relationship with your partner and i hope i do really fit to be part of your life?

                                  


----------------------------------------------------------------------------
                                  TRUST....
---------------------------------------------------------------------------



Darling, i am very happy that i do trust you completely from the dwell of my heart,but first you need to love in order to trust.

To love someone is to understand each other, to laugh together, to smile with your heart and to trust one another.

One important thing is to let each other go if you can't do this.Love is like a wonderful feeling of compassion and satisfaction.


Sweetie, i give you respect and trust; and it should receive that love back.The best proof of love is trust,but finding love and finding trust was a gift from you to me.

Relationships should never be taken for granted that is why i opened all my heart to you.

The choice of being with another life is an amazing thing. Trust, loyalty and respect are a must for eternal happiness.

No matter how much we love someone if we don?t have these ingredients we will never succeed but i am very happy that we both understand each other and shared true and real love together.


Honey to be in love means being patient but to be patient you must trust him/her  first, that is the reason why i do love you so much.

Sweetie, there is no way we can find love through the eye or ear, so we must trust the only thing that will never fade until we die.

Love is like trust, when you find your special someone it is as if you're trusting them with your heart.Trust is what you put in someone's hands. Faith is what you hold on to.

Trust is what makes everyone realize that you are always there for them.Faith is what makes everyone realize that you are always there to help them in case they need some help.

Distance doesn't matter if you really love the person, what matters most is your honesty and trust for that relationship to work out.

Without romance, love gets dry. Without respect, love gets lost. Without caring, love gets boring. Without honesty, love gets unhappy, and without trust, love gets unstable that is the reason why i shared ever thing with you.


Love is a wonderful gift; trust in it, believe in it, give it, and it will be returned to you to give again and again.

You can get advice from family, friends and strangers, but the best advice comes from your heart; it never lies - trust it.

There are so many people that are trustworthy, but only a few are worth trusting with your heart; choose wisely.


To be trusted is a greater compliment than to be loved. For you can love many, but without trust you have nothing.The heart already knows what the mind can only dream of. Trust your heart.

Distance cannot, and will not hurt a bond between two people that is based on mutual respect, trust, commitment, and love.

Jealousy is not a sign of true love; it's insecurities that comes in the way, 'cause love has just one important ingredient:


My Gem do you really love and trust me for real ? because true and real love that normally leads to a long term devoted relationship means never doubting anything.

It means trusting and being honest with each other Someone can be as beautiful on the outside as they are on the inside,

but when he or she betrays my trust, they become the ugliest person in the world to me and that is the reason why i have choose honesty and sincerity as my watchword.

Love is patient, love is kind, it does not envy, it does not boast,it is not proud,it mustn't be rude, and it must not be self-seeking.

It is not easily angered, it keeps no record of wrong doing. It does not delight in evil, but rejoices in the truth and its always protect,trusts,hopes and perseveres.

Love takes many things such as trust, hope, wishes, dreams, and everything you've got, even when you know it's not going be enough, love is not always fireworks and shooting stars because sometimes it's a simple understanding and trust between two people..




----------------------------------------------------------------------------
                When i Get to your home

Here are a few things I wish to do with you at some point in this lifetime if we ever be together:
---------------------------------------------------------------------------


I will do all my best to be your best friend, get caught with you in the rain, dance with you in the rain, stargaze on a clear night,watching the sunset together and spend all day with you to keep your company.

Moonlit walks on the beach with you and be more proud of you than i already did before at this very moment.

Go on a carriage ride through the park and do a crossword together.Go to brunch and for a twilight horse back ride.

Watch nice sense movie together and spend the rest of my life with you and make a sweet passionate love together.

Go to a museum together and talk to each other using only body language.Give you space when you need it and accept you totally and completely.

Discuss current events in a heated debate.Have you see the error of your ways from a fore mentioned heated debate and make mad, torrid love to you, in the midst of all that passion.

Carve our names into a tree/table, go for a walk at dusk together.Be one with you. send you a singing telegram and spend all night thinking of 101 sweet things to do for you.

Hold you and gaze into your eyes and realize how much I love you and tell you gently run my hand across your cheek and look into your eyes.

Blindfold you and take you some where romantic and pend my life making you happy,spend my life making our family feel your heartbeat, see our unborn child/children in your eyes. go to roller/ice skating together and give you a back-rub just because always being honest with each other.

I will go for hiking/camping together with you on holiday and ave our first move to make up and feel a stronger bond because we very successfully couple.

weathered the storm - together, get marry with you, laugh at each other when we are remembering our past events.

Go on a fun family vacation and bring back the kind of memories movies are made of.Treat you like my Lancelot.

Go on a road trip, count thunder together during a thunderstorm. Envelop you in my soul.cook your favorite meal/meals and i will study to now you better than you know yourself.

Go to a renaissance fair, plant a tree in our yard together and look over at you during an office/military/family party and have you know without me saying a word - that I love you.Be able to say "I love you" in 89 different ways - in 89 different countries with unlimited hugges and french kisses.

Grow old with you. I am having a great a feeling for you down here, darling and i hope we are doing the right thing and lets work this out to meet in person.



----------------------------------------------------------------------------
                                Loving you
----------------------------------------------------------------------------



Your words to me are so real touching and sincere and you have all it takes to have a lovely manlike me and i know we will both reach the top together because the top is our limit and life goes on with faith and hard work.


Honey, i trust you and have faith in you, i care for you and i have strong feelings for you as well. I cherish you and your words. Honey i respect what youu feel and i care for you in loyalty, and be as faithful as loyal to you for ever and ever till i die. And  its all about love and eternity, i am for ever yours sweetie.


Honey, i just want you to know that falling in love with you and sharing a true and real mind with you is all about pure and genuine heart and true love is the perfect solution to human happiness and its all we are both seeking for and i know i will find happiness in you and in your heart and you will find the same thing in me I promise you this sweetie.


Honey, i just want to fall in love with you deeply and give you all my life and my body shall be yours alone for ever and ever till i die because i hate to keep two mens at a time and i am one man woman because i hate to been dishonest to some one especially some one loyal and dare to me as you are to my life.

Honey i don't take your words for granted,because your word can build a whole mansion in my heart. Full of so much treasures, its all about you.You are right in my heart, its all about what you think and feel, because what you feel makes me grow in spirit with you, it make me know the next step towards you and been in love for ever and ever with you darling.

Honey, i just like what i hear from you now and i feel so happy with you, and i know my imagination will come to reality sooner. I have strong feelings for you and i know we won't both let each other down and  i know that there is a long distance between us,

but it doesn't affect the fact that we are both seeking for in each others heart. We are both seeking for true love and i know we have found it because its all about you and i darling. Am in great love with you darling and nothing is gonna separate us.


Honey there is no one that can take your position in my heart and you have fill up the empty puzzle in my heart and you have occupied the only empty place in my heart which shall be yours alone. Honey i believe in you and your words,no one can make our happiness come true.

Its right in me and you, you can explore it right out when you feel so loved by a woman, i am so happy we both found each other.

Why i just grow quickly in love with you is that we do really have lots in common and we are seeking for the same.We are so attracted to each other and the words you say is beyond my expectations and your words are full of inspiration and and its comes straight into my thought and it just dwell in my heart.


Darling, i feel so safe and secure and i have perfect confidence in you, you  are just like a prince unto me, just like someone i could  love so much with all my heart.

Despite the fact that we are in a long distance far to each other and we still have good standard trust and feelings for each others. I appreciate all this darling and i promise you a long term happiness with joy and its your home where i am going to spend my eternal life.


*****************                                       ***********


My dear Husband, i want you to know that everything you do for me reassures me that I am appreciated. I want you to know that you mean so much to me. From the first day we met, you were determined to get to know me. At first, I was skeptical about you because of your persistence, but you quickly grew on me.


I want you to know that every moment we?ve spent together since that first day holds a special place in my heart. I was afraid at first that if I let you in I?d regret it, but I haven?t regretted a single moment. I trust you, and I know you?ll be there for me no matter what. I trust that you?ll be faithful to me and that you won?t hurt my heart.


You tell me how you want only the best for me. You tell me how beautiful I am. You tell me how you love every curve of my body. You just make me feel extra special; make me feel a sense of warmth inside. I want you to know that I love you for this!


I love you for being so caring and genuine. I love you for everything you?ve done for me. I love you for the happiness and joy you bring to my life. I love you for you

We do really need to spend our life together as one by just being together, holding hands, or cuddling, we can sense each other?s thoughts and inner feelings. I want you to know that I want the best for you as well.


I want you to succeed and I want all your dreams and fantasies to come true. I know that in me you see a young woman full of kindness, understanding, and compassion.


A young woman with an open-heart. A young woman who puts a smile on your face everyday. I will be that woman who?s there for you just as you?re there for me, the one who encourages you through life?s ups and downs.


But ultimately, I want to be the woman who is your everything. Not an hour goes by that I don?t think about you. You have brought so much joy to my life and you give me so much to look forward to when I wake up every morning.


I want you to know that I sincerely appreciate you and I can never tell you enough that i love you.I will always care for you and make you happy.


I want you to know how much I sincerely love the times we've spent talking. It means so much to me. It truly seems like I've known you forever and I honestly can't imagine life without you now.

There will be no looking back, no second thoughts and no regrets. I want you and need only you and that love will only grow stronger.


Do not be scared my love, sometimes life hits you with unexpected things that take you totally by surprise.


All I can say is you're the best surprise life has given me and your capacity for love, caring, and understanding never ceases to amaze me. I've truly been blessed by finding you and I'll never let you go


Since the day that we have met, it's been wonderful; I never expected to feel this way nor actually be with you in this way, experiencing life with you. You are wonderful to me.


You make me really happy and even though we are apart so much of the time, it's made up each time i see you again.

The feeling that i get is overwhelming every day as time goes by, my feelings for you grow dramatically.

I am thinking so much about next week Friday when i am going to meet you at the airport.I think i am getting butterflies in my stomach just at the thought of seeing you in my life.

You make everything complete and I can't imagine spending time with someone else and having these feelings for anyone else. I'm anxious to set my eye on you and meet you in person at the airport. Time is ticking, and it's going by really slow.

It takes a strong man to accomplish everything that you have in your life, I am proud of you that you stick to your goals, and we have improved our life so much from what it was before  which was so lonely and I am so happy that you respect my beliefs as I respect yours.


You say that you are going to make me a happy woman,well you have already done that just by being you and showing me love and being so open with your feelings.

You are what i dreamed of when i was a little girl, someone with integrity, honesty, love, affection, handsome, and with such a charming personality.

I never thought i would find you, but here you are.
I love you so much, and can't wait to be with you and dedicate all my life unto you.

I want to give you my heart and soul. I don't care about anything else in the world because I am in love with you sweetie I love you.

Thank you sweetie, for you have made all of my dreams come true. I could not ask for more. I am the luckiest woman in the world to be called your wife, I'm truly honored. Thank you.



When I first saw you, i knew something was different about you. I wanted to talk to you for the longest time, but I did not have the courage to actually talk to you. I thank God every day that He brought you into my life.

I had no idea that things would got straightening like how they are now.I love you with all my heart, my soul, and life. I will fill  you with so much happiness. when you come home every day from work.

There is only one thing that keeps me going day to day, and that i will get the time to spend with you. Just knowing the fact that i will get to spend the rest of my life with you fills me with so much joy that I want to cry. You make me smile when ever i'm chatting with you. You mean the world to me, and I never want to lose you.


Sweetie, i want you to know that we receive a wonderful opportunity, and that is to love. Love comes in many forms. You love people in different ways and for different reasons, depending upon how they have touched your life.

Love is a very powerful word and can describe a multitude of feelings, but its main context carries the same meaning.

I want to tell you that the love I have for you is undying. It is a love that is strong and enduring and will stand the test of time.

I truly feel blessed that you have become a part of my life and i cannot wait for the day that we can join our lives together, because i want to lie next to you at night and fall asleep in your arms, only to wake to your beautiful smile.

I want to share in your joys and sorrows. I want to be your everything. You are everything to me.

You are everything I do. You see and bring out the best in me. You are the one i want to share everything with - my thoughts, hopes and dreams.

Thinking of you makes my heart feel full. You are such a source of inspiration for me. I will forever be indebted to you for all you have brought to my life. So, to repay you, I promise you my heart and all the love in it for the rest of my life....


I love you so very much sweetheart. You are the love of my life. I have a hard time explaining how I feel. I have never felt anything like this before.


You are always there for me no matter what. I do not know what i would've done this week without your love and support.

You are the most loving, caring, compassionate and absolutely most awesome man that I have ever met. sweetie you have really holds a very special place in my heart, but you have gone way above and beyond my expectations.

I never thought that was possible to fall in love with some one some one so easily but i am happy that i gave you all my life.

I want to get marry to you, i want to be your wife. I want a baby with you; that is the most awesome experience, nothing compares to that, because you will be a wonderful father to our kids, but you deserve more.

Thank you for always being there, for the happiness and for your kind words, hugs, kisses, and the unconditional love that you shared with me.


Sweetie you are a dream come true and i want to spend the rest of my life with you as your wife, lover, and best friend. I have never in my life been so very happy. I feel much loved, beautiful and very happy since the day that we have met.


I'm so very proud of you. You are a very strong person. It is really cool that we are strong for each other in different ways. We totally understand each other and feel for each other.


Sweetie i want you to know that when you hurt,i hurt, when you are happy, I'm happy. I just love you so much sweetheart and I never want to lose you. I give you my heart, my love and my life for now and forever. I love you.






----------------------------------------------------------------------------
                   FORMAT TWO LOVING YOU
----------------------------------------------------------------------------



Every time i comes online my heart just sings right away,you are really the man of my dreams and i will never let you go because you have really changed my world with your words and you have really blessed me with the beauty of your heart.


Your words are not just mere words,its the greatest i have ever heard before. You did show me your true feelings and it has helped both of us in building our relationship and loving each other for real.

Love is what we really seek but the perfection of love is what we want and we have both found the true love inside of our heart and we are both ready to share that love together and i can't wait for that day to come which i will have to look into your eyes and see the passion of love through your eyes.


You are so sweet and wonderful as you want me in your life and i will never disappoint you because i really do mean my words and my motives and intentions towards you.


Darling you are so real,true and i know we wll be there for each other till death do us path. I cant believe i could find my perfect match so easily since the day that we had first chatted together.

I really focused on building a perfect relationship with you and i noticed that you are that man that really wants a sincere and honest lady in his life and i did committed my time and my life with my soul into this relationship.


I really love to express my feelings to you  because your words make me see the beauty of love and my words make you see the truth of love the beauty and the truth of love will surely bring our happiness to us soon.


I have been really great expressing myself to you, and  the reason why you are so attracted to me is that your words are based on truth and you are completely sincere and honest about your feelings.

And it has made me show the truth of my feelings to you which i am so happy we did had a chance to write each other and express our feelings together.


I will make you love me more while you will make me love you more and the beauty of love in us will never fade away, and i will love you till eternity.

I cherish every moment with you,no matter the problems and the difference i will call you while we sit and talk over it.

We are both so lucky to find each other because you really did brought out the truth of love in you and it has helped us in building that real relationship.


I did cherish every word you speak when i think of you i see you right in my heart when i dream of you i see you right beside me holding me tight.


I will do anything to be with you for real and i promise never to let you down,my dreams are to build up a family with you having out kids run round the house and having a happy family together and building our home to a very strong limit that no matter what others might say it won't affect the love we both have for each other.


I have no secrets because when the truth is in you there is no way you can keep any secret my heart is so pure and open that the truth in me is plainly open.


my whole life is based on truth and i know the truth and the beauty of our love will lead us to a happy family and a great home.


Love is a hard rock between two people and can't be turn apart,situations will never turn us apart because the love i have for you is very so real and genuine that i cant wait for that day to look into your eyes and even make love to me someday..i want to satisfy all your needs.


Love is like a river, never ending as it flows, but gets greater with time its like swallowing hot chocolate before it has cooled off. It takes you by surprise at first, but keeps you warm for a long time.

Love is not about finding the right person, but creating a right relationship. It's not about how much love you have in the beginning but how much love you build till the end.

Love is a journey not a destination, love is a precious gift that you receive, and you need to give it with caution. Love is happiness given back and forth, love is the only game never postponed due to darkness

Love is too strong a word to say it too early, but it has too beautiful a meaning to say it too late.

Love is a noble act of self-giving, offering trust, faith, and loyalty. The more you love, the more you lose a part of yourself, yet you don't become less of who you are; you end up being complete with your loved ones.

Love is in your heart not to stay, but to be shared.

Love is like salted water; the more you drink the more your thirst increases

Love is when there are a million things you want to say to someone, but when they look you in the eyes and hold you in their arms nothing in life matters other than being with that person at that moment.

Love is like the air we breathe. It may not always be seen, but it is always felt, used and needed.Love is not a feeling it's a sensation.Love is a box waiting to be opened by the right recipient.

Love is when you find yourself spending every wish on her,love is not to be purchased and affection has no price,love is like a flower, give it some time, patience and lots of tender loving care; and watch it bloom into something wonderful before your eyes.


Love is like the weather, sometimes it forces you to withdraw even when you don't want to stay inside. While other times it is the best of times and you keep yourself inside.


Love is like a rose, the special one grows in the winter, love is what you make it and with whom you make it; it is what it is

Love is the passion that we feel inside of our hearts that we can't hide. We pretend to hide it, but it burns us more and more until the pain grows and grows and it never ends

If love is music in its purest form, then you are the notes on the page and the melody in my heart


----------------------------------------------------------------------------
                        When he's totally in love
----------------------------------------------------------------------------

For each day and night i look to the sky i see that our love has no limit,my love for you will never fade away and i will grow in happiness in love with you and my life will be filled with so much love and joy

The love in my heart speaks so much languages but it comes out to speak one certain words which says i truly sincere do love you with all my heart.

My love for you is like the water i drink,because for each day i wake up i can't do without you in my life because your love to me is all i need  to survive.

I have seen the beauty of your heart and i have seen the truth in you, your words are so powerful that i cherish and respect every words you speak.


When i started chatting with you i see you speak those words from your heart and your words are based on the truth of love and i cherish every word you speak and i will forever be the love of your life.



----------------------------------------------------------------------------
                             Vow
----------------------------------------------------------------------------


My love i vow and promise to be there for you in sickness and in pain and in riches and forever more,i will do anything to guide and protect you with the beauty of my heart

and i will bless you with the beauty of my life because you have really blessed me with the truth of your words and your unconditional love.


Your love is so real,genuine and touchy because i can feel the strength of your love through your words in my heart.

Your love speak one language to me which is the truth of your love and my heart is filled with the right love for you because i know the God of perfect match has brought us together and i know that the world will be so happy to see us together.

I want to live all my days and life with you, loving you completely with all my heart and been there for you and see you through all the success of life because i know there will be surely one

but with the love we have for each other nothing is impossible for us and i know we will both conquer all through the beauty and the truth of our love for each other.


----------------------------------------------------------------------------
                      Marriage Comittment
----------------------------------------------------------------------------

Marriage is a life time commitment and i am committing my heart to you right now loving you with all my heart and never turning back and my heart body and soul is committed to the oath of this relationship and i am part of your life right now.

There is nothing that will take me away from you,the only thing that will take me away from you is death,because i am getting marry with you till death do us part.

I have vowed from the depth of my heart that if i am committing to getting married to you i am marrying you for life,i want to do all things with you,have wonderful kids with you and build a solid family with you till eternity.

I certainly know that we will both be great living together as one family and as one heart.

My life is committed to you and no one will take me away from you not even a thing will take me away from you apart from death that's the only thing that will take me away from you.


I will never lie ,cheat,betray you and our love, i will surely make it more wonderful and lovely and i will make you smile each day you wake up from that bed seeing me next to you looking so beautiful in mind and in heart and looking into my eyes seeing the passion of love that i have for you in my eyes.



I imagine and think about you all day and night,i look into my heart and i see that you are right there filling the empty spaces in my heart. You have nothing to worry about my dear the love i have for you will never fade,because i will renew our love each day and i will not stop loving you if you don't stop loving me.


I am building this love and trust to a level it can't brake and nothing can come between us not even human being,.the words i speak are from the bosom of my heart and the depth of it is filled with the love you have for me.

I live my life right now with the love you gave me and you are living your life with the love i gave to you

My love has so much meaning now even 1 or 2 ..its has a lot of meaning that you have truly do understand the music of my love and your heart is dancing to every rhythm i composed for you from my heart.

I want you to be so happy with me loving me with all your heart because you will never regret a day given my your whole heart and your love, i will keep your love so safe and secure that all the days of your life you just need to be happy with me.

You are the true man for me and i will be the true love for you too, i want to get marry with you with all possibilities, remember you are my family now i have no family,that's why i truly and sincerely commit my heart and love to you.

And i know loving you will make us great and happy and we will both have wonderful kids too



----------------------------------------------------------------------------
                       About our Kids
----------------------------------------------------------------------------



Our kids will grow to see the love that dad and mom share together and our love will make them grow and happy too.

They will be so happy to see how lovely there dad and mom are loving each other,our kids will be the greatest because i will commit all my time my energy and my life to them to make them great and be better children in the society.


Others will look unto them to live there own life because i will make them great that there lifes will be a blessing to others and the society will be so happy to have them.


I will make them great in physically and emotionally and even spiritually because they need to grow and learn the principles of life because i will teach them how to apply those principles in other to be able to handle the ups and down of life


I love you so much that i cant wait to meet you in person, i imagine that day i will get off from the plane holding you tight to my heart and feel the heart beat of ur heart with mine.


I really want you in my life at all cost and i will do anything to be there for you,because i cant wait to experience this love you have for me in person and i know its going to be so wonderful.


I love you so much and i will continue to love you till death do us part



I feel you so close to my heart and your words means a lot to me, i cherish every word you speak because your words are so sincere and its of the truth and i believe in all you have said and your true feelings to me.



I will not stop loving you because our love is now one and we will grow older in each others arms loving each other to the fullest and to the greatest height.

My love for you is going to be what you will ever wanted in your life and you will be so happy each day you get to see the smile on your face because you are my man and my true love.


I am going to make you so happy that you won't let me go away from your life and i wont even leave you because i have no reason to stop loving you.

I know with the truth of love in our heart  will help us to grow older in love with each other because i am so in love with you that each time i get to imagine your looks i just smile and my heart sings for you.




----------------------------------------------------------------------------
                About commiting into marriage
----------------------------------------------------------------------------


Marriage is all i have waited for and now i have found it and i wont loose it because marriage is all about the truth of love and the joining of 2 heart to become one and our heart has become one and nothing on earth can separate both of us from each other not even human.


Our words are not enough for us to show the feelings of love inside of us, i cant just wait anymore for that day that we are gonna join our life together.


To meet you in person and show you how loving i am towards you because your love for me has brought great happiness in my heart and my love for you has made you so happy that each day i get to imagine you, my heart gets closer to yours.


You have brought my heart closer to yours to a level that i will never think of turning back,no matter what
happens we will both face the rhythm of life and love together.


My feelings are been created through the truth of your heart and it made me open up the true feelings and the truth of my love to you because not every human has the truth of love in them but we are both sincere and honest about our feelings it has made us know how lovely we are to each other.


May our last kisses be many years from now and taste of one anther's lips and may out love merge together to become one.

Our love,our heart and our feelings are now one.No one will take me away from you not even nature of life will take me away from you.

I am so addicted to your love and i am so attracted to your heart and i will never stop loving you and making you happy because you have completed my humanity and i have made you realise the truth of your real personality and i think you are so happy about it.

If my words ain't truth you wouldn't have been able to show me the truth of love,but because my feelings and motives towards you are so true and real it has really given you the perfect courage to show all your true feelings to me and i am so happy that you took a great chance to love me.

I know the world will be so happy to see us together.
Marriage may be made in heaven, but the maintenance must be done on earth and two hearts that have been merged is marriage; two souls that have been merged is fate


----------------------------------------------------------------------------
                       About Perfections
----------------------------------------------------------------------------

I want you to know that i will do all my best to make you happy and care for you when i get to your home, although i'm not perfect at all because no on is perfect but we human being were just striving towards perfections. Only God is omniscience and omnipresent.


I know that you are not perfect and nor can i claim to be either, but please believe me, when i say that I want to be by your side, to hold your hand, to treasure you in the morning and in the noon-tide, to be next to you, to be held close to your heart now and for the rest of my living years on earth.

To comfort you,dry your tears and calm your most
frightening fears,to fight your battles and show no shame to scream my love for you out loud all over the land.

I want to be there for you to fight your battle for you and win it for you, i want to be there for you when you needed me and i want to always be there loving you completely.

You are my fiancee and i am your true wife and no one will take me away from you, i will tell the world that no one will take me away from you because you are my life right now and you will be my light that shines my darkness.


I can't wait for that day i will be in your arms loving you but i know that will come to pass soon and with time we will accomplish our goals together soon.


----------------------------------------------------------------------------
                       Principles of  Marriage
---------------------------------------------------------------------------

                        What is Marriage?


Marriage is the mixture of communication, patience, love, sharing, praying and smiles to create happiness and prosperity.Marriage is a fragile thread that binds us together, so handle it with care.


Marriage is like a fine wine, as it ages it just gets better. Look at all the good times and leave behind the bad, for there are more wonders you will find in each, as time passes by.

For hearing my thoughts, understanding my dreams and being my best friend, for filling my life with joy and loving me without end, I do love u so much

Love is not perfect. Rather, a feeling full of problems and hardships. But it is through these problems and hardships that we know that love can survive and endure anything, and shall endure forever.

Love is when two people join together and make each other better people for having the other in their life.The grass is not greener on the other side, you just have to water your own.


I sincerely believe in you and your love for me will never end till death do us part because i will continue to love you and care for you and make you happy.


I do love you so so much and i will make it up to you meeting you in person but i don't know how sooner you want me to get on plane.

I am just imagine how its going to be but i don't know when..i am so desperate to meet you in person and i know i will surely make it back to your home loving you with all my heart.






                         (FORMAT 7,THIS ONE TALKS ABOUY U,DECIDING ABOUT KIDS)
Hello Sweety

True love is all i have ever wanted and seeked for and i did found that true love in your heart and i am so happy to have found it cause i know that love will surely make me so happy that i will not want to leave your sight not even for one second..my love for you is like the music that makes ur heart sing..u are the man of my life and i will surely be the woman of your life and nothing can stop or change that right now not even a thing will change all we have build..we have both built our love to the strongest level and i am so happy that we both took that chance to love each other to the fullest and that we are ready to be husband and wife..Marriage is a big commitment to me and i have
committed my heart loving you and been your wife cause u have the right love and the right heart for me...i sincerely do love and trust you so much that i cry most night thinking about you and how bad i miss you ....

Trust is all we have build our love on..and i do trust you completely that i have laid my heart for you and u have blessed it with the beauty of your love your sincerity and honesty made me love you completed that i just think and dream of you each night and day and i cant wait to have you in my arms...my body and soul trust you that i myself i trust you completely and i am not scared of your love..cause its the greatest i have ever wanted and be waiting for. your words mean a lot to me and it has filled the empty spaces in my heart. your words have filled my heart with so much desire loving you and i cant wait to explore my kind of true love to you in person..my Heart trusts you
completely that it aches a lot and wants you so badly and i cant wait to start sharing all my life with you and been there for you..

We have created our feelings to a stage it has lead to perfect love and friendship and i am so attracted to the beauty of your love and it has really made me a new person in love once again and it has made me share all the truth of love in me with you...my motives and intentions are to be there for you and love you completely..no one will be
able to understand were we have been building this relationship from its only between both of us..and they will be so surprise to see us happily in love..i am so damn happy that i have nothing again to worry anymore in life.having you in my life is like having the whole world in my pocket,if i am been asked to choose you and own the world i will rather choose you cause with you i will be happy forever and cherished by you forever..u mean the world to me.i respect the greatest feelings inside of you and it has made me love you completely..words are not enough for my love for you..i really need to grap you in my arms and hold you tight and cry.,cause i really want you so bad and i will go to any extent showing and proving my love for you.


We both understand the beauty of the love inside of both of us and it has really made both of us great and happy in love together,understanding really matters a lot in a relationship and i am so happy that u are so understanding and cheerful that with you i need not to worry about a thing cause u went to the greatest extent understanding the truth of my love for you and i went to the greatest level taking my time understand that without your love i am incomplete and i know with your love in my heart and in my life i have nothing to cry of be worried about..cause u have sincerely and honestly loved me completely and u have shared the greatest feelings of your love with me..



I will make u great loving me and u will be so happy to have me in your life...love is not all about the outer most beauty but its all about the beauty of the heart..your heart is so beautiful and so loving and i am so attracted to your life and i cant wait to dwell in that heart completely..all i know right now is that u are mine and i am yours


No one will ever come between our happiness not even a thing will cause us to breakup..that cant even happen..cause the truth of our love will not allow that to ever happen to us..



Our Marriage will be the greatest and the most powerful marriage the world will ever experience cause we truly and sincerely do love each other and we have committed to love each other to the greatest level of love.. our love has no limit and it will never have limit..i will love you till death do us part,each day will be like a new day in love cause i will renew our love each day and night and our love will be like a flower just growing up...Our love will grow and grow and our kids will partake in the love of our life..

Kids..Are the greatest gift given to a marriage by God..and our Kids will help in strengthen and empowering our heart together and we will live to build our kids in understand the rhythm and the principles of life in able to know the good and bad of the world and in able to love one another..We are going to spread the love of our life to the next generation of our family..the generation that will be created from me and you will be the happiest generation in the world..cause me and you will do all our best in building the future to a greater height in able to secure the future for our kids and teaching them the ways of life and letting them know there is so much love in them to share to others
around them...Hun our family will be the greatest..cause i am committed to this love and i will never stop loving you and showing you how much i love you..

Words are not enough to tell you how much i do sincerely love you..but my heart knows i truly love you and i will love you till death do us part..every one will think we are both crazy..the god of perfect match has brought us together..if any one tells me i will ever find my true love on internet i will tell that person he/she is crazy but now i
am totally wrong..cause love is every were.even in the forest u can find love..love has occupied every space in our heart and it will occupy every bit of our heart till we finally meet in person.


"""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""


                              (FORMAT 8,SEND THIS TO CAPTURE HIS MIND AND ASK FOR CASH)Hello my Love

For everyday i get to think of you..u are always on my mind..each day and night i get to imagine you right beside me i feel your presence right here holding me tight close to my heart,i feel your love in my heart every day and night. the music of your love makes my heart sings.ur words are so powerful it keeps my mind at rest,i am always happy each day i get to think of you and your true feelings for me,u are such a wonderful man to me in my life and i cherish every word u speak from your heart,those words are so productive that it has multiplied my love for you in a million ways,i feel your words in my heart and it moves my emotions and it makes me feel so safe and happy that i just smile all; day long..your love for me has filled the empty spaces in my heart ,it has healed the wounds in my heart,the truth of your love has made me a new person and i am so happy i love you so much with all my heart and i will forever do love you till death do us part.

Beauty of our mind has brought our love together and it has made us stronger in each others heart and i feel the passion of your love in me passing through my emotional nerves..my whole body needs you and my heart needs you most..i cant sleep without praying for you each night.my day is never complete without thinking of you..every were i go,anything i do,everything i say always makes me imagine you..sometimes people think i am crazy but i know whats inside of me,cause i know i have found the true love of my life and i will never let that love walk away or fade away..we have grown in each others heart and we have loved each other to the fullest and i will not stop loving you...

Loving you has really been the greatest asses i have ever had and i will do all my best to keep it safe and renew our love each day and night...i am blessed with the beauty of your love and u are blessed with the beauty of my love..all we both need is love and we have found then..and i am happy each day we build it more and more stronger and it has really gotten to a stage were our love can never be broken..and we can never be separated,no one will take you away from me and no one will take me away from you,its only death that can separate us and with love we will grow older in love in each others arms and we will share i have sincerely and honestly committed my heart,my love and my emotions to you and u have multiplied then into millions,i cant just stop loving you Honey..i cant,i will have to die first cause i am so in love with u that i really want to meet you right now but i know with time we will get to meet each other...i am so happy that u are completely patient with me and u await me till i can arrive back in the states and u will never do wait in vain cause my love will look for you and my heart will find you..no matter were u are ..i will look for you and find you..i have found a
treasure in my life and i will treasure your love for me for life and i will always remember that very day and that very night we make our first love to each other..




i cant really wait for that day to make great and passionate love with you..making love all through the night and enjoying every moment and every inch of it... cause love really exist between us and i will satisfy you sexually cause i know that will be the greatest moment every experienced between both of us and it will be only between me and you..my whole heart and whole body is just for you but no one else and no one will share the beauty of my heart with you..my whole life,whole heart,whole love is all yours.


If I could have one wish, it would just be this, I could take you to my soul and show you all the love there is,You have been part of my life and u will remain part of my life..

Well it has come to a time i have nothing to worry about anymore since i know we will both be getting married..marriage is one of my dreams and i know getting married to you will be a dream come true and i know that dream will come true soon..its just a matter of time..i cant just wait till u  put that ring in my hands...i cant wait to be your lovely wedded wife and living in the same house with you and working towards having lovely and wonderful kids together,cause i want to have kids with you and grow with then too with you..

i really want to talk to you about something but i don't know how u will feel about it.but with all hopes and faith your
heart will be so cheerful to listen and know how i truly feel about it..i don't know how to go about telling you,cause
i am a little bit scared right now about what i just want to ask you..but since we have really been open to each other, i
have nothing to worry about since we both truly love and care for each other...

Well i really want to seek for financial assistance from you..that what i am really scared of asking from you..cause i
don't know how u will feel about it..cause i don't want you to feel bad about anything cause i want to build our love
and trust to the greatest height....Right now i have a big problem completing my project and it has really got me so
down and depressed and worried...cause i was unable to get it finish but your love do always make me happy every night
and day...i really want to seek a favor from you but i don't know maybe u are in position to help me right now..but i
know u will really be willing to make me happy cause u truly and sincerely do love me and u know i do sincerely do love
you too and  u are the true man of my life

Hun...i don't know maybe u can help me with some funds to get this job completed..cause the money i will be making
from this job is the one i will be using to buy my return ticket home back to the states to start a lovely and standard
life with you..but since this economy is unstable it really has got a lot of things unstable for me and it has left my
worried and stressed..its not that i am asking you for money..cause i don't know how u are going to feel about it..but
i truly need your help.so i don't know maybe u can help me with 600$ to get this work completed and come home
soon to you...i will be so happy if my help come from you..and i know u will be willing to help me out on this..well i
will await your reply and know maybe u cud be able to help me..well..if u cant help me with it..cud u borrow me at
least i will be willing to pay you back when i get this work done..

i will await your reply asap
//////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////
/////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////                                     CHECK FORMAT
Hello Dear

How are you doing today? how is everything over there and how has life been treating you? i do appreciate your emails
a lot each time i get to read them and i know with time we will both get to understand each other cause our feelings
towards each other are so true and honest and i know getting to meet you in person will be such a lovely moment
cause u are such a lovely and sincere guy and i truly believe your words and i know with all respect we will get to
understand our true feelings towards each other

I think of you each day and night and u have always been on my mind and when i get to think of you i do have a lot
of imaginations with you cause it seems we have a lot in common and u care a lot about me ,cause i do care a lot about
you a lot and i cant wait to start loving you in person cause u truly believe in me and i truly believe in you and u
have faith me in and u respect the words that i speak and that has brought us closer to each other in letting us know
the kind of feelings we have for each other


Well Right now i am beginning to have a lot of faith in you and i do trust you completely so that's why i want you to
help me on this..I do have some us postal money orders with me Right now but i am unable to get them cashed here
cause there is no corresponding bank here that will get it cashed for me and its only legitimate for only in the USA
alone and it will be easy to be cashed in the states and since i am not in the states right now i don't know how again i
can get it cashed unless i send it back to someone over there to help me get it cashed.so i don't know maybe i can
entrust it in your name and issue it in your name so u can help me get it cashed so u can help me send the money
right back to me..i will be so happy if u can because its really the last hope i have right now in raising the funds to get
my work completed and i know u sincerely would really want to help me out on this cause u really look forward to my
happiness

So if sincerely u can help me on this.,.,just try and provide me with your full name and contact address and your phone
number so i can send it to you immediately so u can help me get it cashed asap..i really do trust you on this cause i
know u will be really willing to help me out on this and i know i can trust you completely on this

I Will look forward to your email and know my faith about it..but pls try and respond fast to know when i will be able
to send it to you so u can help me get it cashed

from your baby girl

NICOLE -------------------------------------------------JUST ORDINARY PAROL-----------------------------------
i don't just know what keeps me getting attracted to u, maybe that's nature and life for u, actually i must tell u that i am seriously interested in making a matured relationship, i mean i love matured men since they have insight and knowlegde on how to go about in making a lasting relationship, as a matter of fact i have been involved into some relationship and was cheated which has made me have never wanted to get into any proposal, but i came to realise the fact that love goes on and on, and the fact that someone has cheated on me does not make all men to be equal. I had to come back to my senses all i am demaning now is ur trust, honesty and care.....well it was really nice to really know
your actuall feelings towards me  and it was so nice share mine with you,we really know the prinicples of love and what surrounds its, its all about care,love feelings emotiones honesty,loyaty,building up ur own heart to a level to love someone, u are really great, u know what u seek and u know how to find it,its just as easy as ABC, if u know what u seek u will surellly find it and its all about hard work and faith,u work towards building fiath in you and how stronger you can hold on to your self for some while till u see the right person u looking for,your words make me see the future,ur words make me see whats in ur heart,ur life is full of joy,ur feeliongs make me happy i grow in you while u grow in me, i love the way we talk about things,its all about maturity in the human sence and body,we know we can handle things and we know how to handle our feelings and thats the best way to develope and build a solid future ahead of us,life is full of good things if u seek it with honesty
I will be waiting to hear from u as soon as possible. take care of urself as i remain urs.
NICOLEHi LOVE,

How are u doing today, hope fine, i am still waiting to hear from u, just said i should know how u are feeling, take care of urself and remember that i care so much about u. Sleep tight.
These are lovely poetic thought about what love is:
Love is like a river, never ending as it flows, but gets greater with time

Love is like swallowing hot chocolate before it has cooled off. It takes you by surprise at first, but keeps you warm for a long time.

Love is not about finding the right person, but creating a right relationship. It's not about how much love you have in the beginning but how much love you build till the end.

Love is a journey not a destination

Love is a precious gift that you receive, and you need to give it with caution

Love is happiness given back and forth

Love is the only game never postponed due to darkness

Love is too strong a word to say it too early, but it has too beautiful a meaning to say it too late.

Love is a noble act of self-giving, offering trust, faith, and loyalty. The more you love, the more you lose a part of yourself, yet you don't become less of who you are; you end up being complete with your loved ones.

Love is in your heart not to stay, but to be shared.

Love is like salted water; the more you drink the more your thirst increases

Love is when there are a million things you want to say to someone, but when they look you in the eyes and hold you in their arms nothing in life matters other than being with that person at that moment.

Love is like the air we breathe. It may not always be seen, but it is always felt, used and needed.

Love is not a feeling it's a sensation

Love is a box waiting to be opened by the right recipient

Love is when you find yourself spending every wish on her

Love is not to be purchased and affection has no price

Love is like a flower, give it some time, patience and lots of tender loving care; and watch it bloom into something wonderful before your eyes.

Love is knowing you are the bud from which his happiness blossoms.

Love is like the weather, sometimes it forces you to withdraw even when you don't want to stay inside. While other times it is the best of times and you keep yourself inside.

Love is like a rose, the special one grows in the winter

Love is what you make it and with whom you make it; it is what it is

Love is the passion that we feel inside of our hearts that we can't hide. We pretend to hide it, but it burns us more and more until the pain grows and grows and it never ends

If love is music in its purest form, then you are the notes on the page and the melody in my heart

                     

Thanks so much for the mail, i was in the airport today as i said i will be doing, everything was cool, i will be in the state precisely thursday,  i told my flight agent about the airport closest to u (dfw) , he therefore gave me assurance that there is nothing that's going to stop me from meeting u honey,  each day and night i get to imagine you right beside me i feel your presence right here holding me tight close to my heart, i feel your love in my heart every day and night the music of your love makes my heart sings,  Ur love for me has filled the empty spaces in my heart , it has healed the wounds in my heart, the truth of your love has made me a new person and i am so happy i love you so much with all my heart and i will forever love u.I told u that i will be paid for the completion of my project since i am here for a project related to my future career so that i can pay for my flight ticket back to the state and have some cash left to further my future career, i was issued a cheque by one of my  client worth $5500, i will be sending the check  to you through American Online Check which is QCHEX.  You can glance through the website urself (www.qchex.com).  It will have to be sent to your email address which will require your Full Name and Contact Address and your  Phone Number so that you will be able to get it printed out with a Paper Check and a Versa Ink (Magnetic Ink) send to you immedately. Well u may be worried where you will get the paper check and the versa ink (Magnetic Ink) you can get it in the store over there in your location places like Walmart Store, Office Depo and some other stores there in your location, i hope u will be able to get it there so that you will be able to get the check printed out when you received it in your email box so u can help me get it cashed using the  nearest Bank through any Western Union Money Transfer using my information so that u can send it to me as soon as possible.I am asking this favour from u just because i don't know who else i can turn to for this and i believe i can express my heartfelt desires to u. I really do want to trust you on this cause i know u will be really willing to help me out on this and i know i can count on you completelly on this. Am looking forward to hear. I will be waiting to hear from u as soon as possible. Have a lovely day and stay cool.  RegardsNICOLE  Hello,
Well where would i start ,i went thru your profile and i am somehow eager to get to know you more ,well let me tell u abit about me my name is Nicole Hunt i am just 26 i work as a fashion designer i like my job so much so i have everything now but i dont have what we so call love ,i need love in my life and i really need to settle down cause they day dosent count down so i really need that cause i really have enough to share with my right man and i hope he will respect my feelings and support my dreams and not take it away from,  well let me tell u about my personalty i am the type that is very open minded straight forward ,..i like to listen to music and i like to swim,camp,shop and read and even dance too..music is really part of my life and i cant do without listening to music in a day..and my kind of music is r and b and a abit of jazz and hip hop too..well i dont really have lots of hobbies i do but at least i know how to have fun by myself or with others and i like to hang out with sincere and honest people to exchange ideas and get to learn about each others..cause thats really the best way to build up ur own life to care for others and get to know alot about them...but i prefer hanging out with people i know i can trust and share alot with...i will really appreciate if you can send me a lil bio and some pics





----------------------------------------------------------------------------
              Good morning sweet message for im
----------------------------------------------------------------------------


Good morning my husband, how are you doing and how was your night?
    I am just using this medium of time to express my gratitude to you and to give you avoted of thanks by making me happy and completing my happiness by sharing your true and real love to me. Honey I do not know how to express the conflicting emotions that have surged like a storm through my heart all night long. I only know that first and foremost in all my thoughts has been the glorious confirmation you gave me last night - without effort, unconsciously, of course - of all I have ever thought of your mind and heart.You have the greatest soul, the noblest nature, the sweetest, most loving heart I have ever known, and my love and admiration for you have increased so much since we?ve known each other that it still amazes me.You are more wonderful and lovely in my eyes than you ever were before; and my pride and joy and gratitude that you should love me with such a perfect love are beyond all expression.
When I am with you, I feel alive. You bring to me a happiness that no one else ever could. You bring to me a love I have never known before. I could not imagine what my life would be like without you. You have touched my heart in ways no one could ever comprehend. I love being with you and I want to spend the rest of my life with you.
Every day I wake up thanking God for you. You have given me so much, and I know that I will be able to give back all that you have given me. You have been my guiding light when I was lost. You have been my comforter through all my trials and sorrow. You have been my rock. Sometimes I feel lost and out of touch, but when you?re there, I feel safe. Your altitude soothes me. I could sit here and try to tell you just how I feel, but I can't find the words other than I am ecstatic we met and have gotten together after all the loneliness life that we had spent. I want to tell you that the love I have for you is undying. It is a love that is strong and enduring and will stand the test of time. I truly feel blessed that you have become a part of my life, and I cannot wait for the day that we can join our lives together. I want to lie next to you at night and fall asleep in your arms. I want to wake to your beautiful smile. I want to share in your joys and sorrows. I want to be your everything, because you are everything to me. I promise to always love you and always hold you in my heart. I will always be there for you when you need me, and I will love you no matter what life brings us. You are my soul mate, and I vow to love you all eternity. I love you, baby.
Good morning to you once again and Happy New week
Lots of love from your wife...... Chalena















My dear king Richard, husband of Hillary, your love is so real,genuine and touchy, because i can feel the strength of your love through your words in my heart, your love speak one language to me which is the truth of your love and my heart is filled with the right love for you because i know that its the God of perfect match has brought us together and i know that the world will be so happy to see us together walking hand in hand at the beach while we go for our honey moon



Honey, i want to live all my days and life with you loving you completely with all my heart and been there for you and see you through all the valleys and mountain of success because i know there will be surely one but with the love we have for each other nothing is impossible for us and i know we will both conquer all through the beauty and the truth of our love for each other.



Richard,my life is committed to you and no one will take me away from you not even a thing will take me away from you apart from death that's the only thing that will take me away from you,i will never lie ,cheat ,betray our love i will surely make it more wonderful and lovely every day


Good morning, how are you doing and how was your night. I just turn on my pc to check if my husband has wake up or still on bed. Honey i love you and i am missing you so much in my heart because you are so precious to me and its really hard for me to been away of you. I can't do without you because you are the only one that keeps the flame of our love burning in my heart. I love you load and i want you for real and i shall be yours for ever and ever till i die. Good morning once again my sweet Gem. Send me an e-mail when you get online. its me your darling sweet Gem, Hillary Philip



----------------------------------------------------------------------------
                              Jombo
----------------------------------------------------------------------------

          


                    You are welcome into my life
************************************************************

Good morning sweetheart, how are you doing and how was your night? I hope you really have a good splendid night with sweet dream. I just woke up and turn on my computer to check your message and i'm so glad to read from you this morning and your message really tourch my heart and really make my day better when i read it. Your picture weren't clear and i can't see or download your pictures on my computer when i was trying to download it and may be you will have to try to re-send it to me when you wake up and i have snap a new picture for you now so that you can view them when you wake up. its 8:50 am here now Sunday morning and i am cooking my break fast meal so that i can have some thing to eat before i leave home for sunday church service and i will pray hard for you today at church because your happiness is my joy and your joy is all what i am seeking for.

My dear lover i was thinking about our relationship with the mysterious way we met, yesterday as i lay down on my bed and thinking of you right now. Honey i just don't know what to say than to thank you and the almighty God that brought us together which is God of perfect match. Honey, it's so beautiful and honor to have some one like you as my husband and king of my heart, because you are a dream come true to me and am ready to spend all the rest of my life with you without leaving your side  for a seconds when i get to your home. Let me start by saying that I thank God  today that i found you as part of my life.You came into my life when everything seemed so dark but you provided the light to find my way. I've never been so certain of anything in my life like I am for you. You have totally changed my outlook in life and I thank you for that. I never thought that someone could love me like you do, but guess what? I love you so much . I feel as if I'm walking over clouds just thinking about you. You make my life complete. I know you've said we could do together to bring up our relationship and never go into divorce, but you know what? With you I wouldn't mind to spend all the rest of my life with you. I love you so much and I know you love me too. I know that others looking into our relationship might think that we just met, but they just don't know how we feel about each other and how true love does exists. There's nothing foolish about the things I've told you, I meant every word I said. I love you and for you, i would do anything in my power to care for you and make you happy, bring joy and happiness back to your life and put smile into your face at all time till i die. Be honest,kind, loyal and respect you at all time, I love you so much. Today I promise you that I would do anything in my power to make you a great person, outstanding father and loving husband. I love you and i care for you so much in loyalty.
Nice meeting you and having you as my eternal joy, Good morning to you once again and happy beautiful last sunday of the July.
Lots of love from yours
Chalena Laurie Robert



                All my dream has finally come true
***********************************************************

Hello my darling sweet Gem,
How is your day and i hope you are having a great day at work now, i am really happy and proud to have you as part of my life and as my eternal joy.
Darling i am so Glad today because all my dream has finally come true and to reality. You have really make me happy and care for me since all this day, Honey i really appreciate all what you have offer to me by giving me a chance to get to know the kind of person you are and how lovely you and dare you are. I will never brake your heart or let you cry and your wish shall always be my command at all time till i die. You are all i wants and needed.
Honey i can never explain the feeling i am having today, my heart has been filled with memories playing over and over in my mind, beautiful memories. The fear that clenches my stomach is beyond comprehension, to live another day with out you would not be living, you are my breath, my pulse, you make me whole.
At night I am afraid to go to bed, though I am so weary from emotion. When I fall, I wake when it is still dark and try as I might to go back to sleep, I cling to my pillow and know that you must occupy my mind to keep me from dying of pain. All the things I have seen, everything I have believed in, my instincts and knowledge guide me. For the first time in my life I felt like a real person, knew my life was about to change, to become normal with no more pain, and then the worst agony that i could ever imagine replaced that joy that was to be. I fill my days with anything i can possibly do, I don't stop, as though I am running from the thoughts of you trying to bring my tears.But no matter what I do, you are right in front of me, everything reminds me. Romantic talks,you are in every corner of my heart. The little heart cushion in my shower to the balcony, to the street, to the stars, Honey i am all yours for now and i am dedicating and committing all my life unto you for ever and ever till i die.
You i promise you a lifetime of happiness and love. Come dance on the moon with me, you are all there is, I neither need nor want anything else at all. You are my heaven on earth and I need to live there, if you go ... I need to as well, You are my Guardian angels and I need to be with you. I am empty; fill me with passion for life once again .
God has answered our prayer nowwwwwwwwwwwwww
I love you my King, Pleas close your eyes, I hope you have close it, Now open it, Who did you see right beside you................ You see your wife, your queen, the mother of our children.................. Mercy Hillary Philip
I will miss you till i get a hold of you when you back home from work tonight.
I love you and i miss you
Lots of love from yours sweet darling Gem
Mercy Hillary Philip
Good morning to you once again.





----------------------------------------------------------------------------
                        The Oath of Love
---------------------------------------------------------------------------


And i am making an oath of love and swear with thy holy name of yours with my holy bible that i believed in and with the only pure water that you giveth to us for  cure and with the only white candle that you giveth to us for seeing , My lord if i am here to hurt Johnny life and take his money and run away for him, i want you to come and put all your courses in the bible against me and let me die roughly.
Heavenly father, the God of known, The God of all possibilities, you are the only one that heal and cure with water, My lord the only living Jesus Christ, if i am here to hurt Johnny's life, or trying to get away his money from him, or if he send the money to me and never use it for what he wanted me to use it for, i want you to kill me with your anger through the holy water.
God i know that you are the only God of perfection because there is no one as perfect as you are, I want you to kill me roughly and let me die and  spend all the rest of my life in the hell fire, let me be sick and never see a helper if i hurt Johnny's life.
Heavenly father, i know that you have grants our oats and our prayer now. Pleas answer our oath of love in thy holy name of yours. Amen




























----------------------------------------------------------------------------
                              My Profile
---------------------------------------------------------------------------


God is first in my life and I believe that even in the privacy of my home I need to serve him.
I am lonely single female,  I am a Graduate Cosmetologist by my profession,The study or art of Skin and Cosmetics with their uses. I have once worked in Cosmetics company, textile store, a collection of textiles design and sewing materials. I dont have any kid and never been marry or been into any relationship in my life and i am new on here today. I am marriage minded, family orientate and i like to do care at all time as i don't have time for game and am not here for friendship or internet games. I am fun, honest, easy going, Romantic, Godly, light hearted, caring, loyal, obedient, and i love to be sincere and honest about my words as i am caring,kind,friendly very easy to get along with, i am loving woman who is looking for someone to share my never dull life with.I have had a interesting life, but too much alone. I am a loyal,honest,romantic,open minded,down to earth and having a great sense of humor. so much respects of other. I am a social person and prefer meeting people in-person, however given the evolution of technology, I think that it is interesting to try something new like this. I am a happy person with a positive outlook on life, laid-back yet energetic, drama free, and easy to talk to. Also i am very serious in love and relation with someone. i have a million ways to make laugh and happy my beloved,i know how to treat a man. i have a big heart and a big love inside my heart, i really want to share this love with a real man.... i like sports, movies, music, especially i like animals,nature and children a lot because i am marriage minded and family orientate woman who like to do care for kids. I like romantic walks along the beach, holding the hand of my beloved and sharing the magnificent view above the ocean.
----------------------------------------------------------------------------
                     Who I'm seeking for
---------------------------------------------------------------------------


I am looking for responsible honest caring, loving, God feelings  and marriage minded man that ready to settle down with some one and committed a long term relationship if you are the type.I'll love to meet a genuine ,matured,loving and caring man , who know how to take care of a woman and also children I'm looking for a serious relationship , where age doesn't matter but a mutual respect and feeling for each other.Someone who has a good heart ,generous and willing to support my dream of humanitarian works.Hope i can meet him here , i know he's here. And My Heart is Opened for you



I am an honest, sincere, loving woman who is looking for someone to share my never dull life with.I have had a interesting life, but too much alone. I am a loyal,honest,romantic,open minded,down to earth and having a great sense of humor. so much respects of other. I am a social person and prefer meeting people in-person, however given the evolution of technology, I think that it is interesting to try something new like this. I am a happy person with a positive outlook on life, laid-back yet energetic, drama free, and easy to talk to. Also i am very serious in love and relation with someone. i have a million ways to make laugh and happy my beloved,i know how to treat a man. i have a big heart and a big love inside my heart, i really want to share this love with a real man.... i like sports, movies, music, especially i like animals,nature and children's a lot because i am marriage minded and family orientate woman who like to do care for kids. I like romantic walks along the beach, holding the hand of my beloved and sharing the magnificent view above the ocean.

                                      
----------------------------------------------------------------------------
                         Mini Bombing
----------------------------------------------------------------------------
.

Hello how are you doing, its nice to read and check out your profile, in fact i really like all what you have said about your self including your personalities, and if you don't mind, i will like to get to know more about you and hopefully meet in person. I am Chalena Laurie Robert by my name 30 years old by my age. I am a Cosmetologist by my profession,The study or art of Skin and Cosmetics with their uses. I have once worked in Cosmetics company, textile store, a collection of textiles design and sewing materials.I am lonely single female and i am looking for an honest man that i can spend all the rest of my life with And i don't really mind to relocate to any where, I am fun, honest, easy going, Romantic, Godly, light hearted, caring, loyal, obedient and marriage minded woman. I am really sincere and honest One man woman,caring,kind,friendly and very easy to get along with. I am social,romantic,passionate,smart,intelligent,cool headed,adaptive and i have a big heart of love, and i really do believe in the truth and honesty because honesty is the only key to human success and with honesty i believe in myself. And my life is based on truth and its all about who i really am. I am marriage minded woman and am ready to commit a long term relationship now. I will like to talk more better with you on yahoo messenger if you don't  mind to chat with me and share my pictures with you. Here is my Yahoo messenger Im Address is 
( chalenalaurierobert@yahoo.com   )
I am online on yahoo messenger now may be we can hook up there, and see if we are really compatible in nature.  I am new to single dating site.
lets mingle together on yahoo messenger so that i can send you some of my pictures.
Thank you very much and i really care for you
I will be waiting to read from you soonest
Lots of love from yours
Lonely Chalena Laurie Robert
chalenalaurierobert@yahoo.com



----------------------------------------------------------------------------
                             Un Cut
----------------------------------------------------------------------------
Good morning to you, how are you doing and how was your night? its my pleasure to read and check out your profile and your proifile caught me intrigued and i am highly interested in what your profile says about you although i am new on here.
I am  Chalena Laurie Robert by  name, i am lonely single female and i don't have any kid and never been into relationship, i am 30 years old by my age. I am a Cosmetologist by my profession,The study or art of Skin and Cosmetics with their uses. I am looking for an honest man that i can spend all the rest of my life with. I am fun, honest, easy going, Romantic, Godly, light hearted, caring, loyal, obedient, marriage minded, I am really sincere and honest person,caring,kind,friendly very easy to get along with. Because honesty is the only key to human success and with honesty.I believe in myself and my life is based on truth and its all about who i really am. I am marriage minded and family orientate woman and am ready to have long term relationship. I will like to talk more better with you on yahoo messenger and here is my yahoo messenger Im address, chalenalaurierobert@yahoo.com
Hope to talk to you and read back from you sooner.
From Lonely Chalena Laurie Robert

----------------------------------------------------------------------------
                       Reply to Uncut
----------------------------------------------------------------------------


Hello lol, how are you doing and how is your day, its really nice and lovely to read and hear back from you, i will really like to know more about you too and lets talk on yahoo messenger so that we can exchange a lots of idea together and  share my pictures with you and hopefully see if we are really compatible in nature, below is my yahoo contact mail address,     chalenalaurierobert@yahoo.com
What is your yahoo mail address so that i can send you an e-mail and write you more about me and send my pictures to you as well.
Thank you very much and i do appreciate your conversation with me and i will like to talk more if you don't care.
Lots of love from yours lonely Chalena Laurie Robert


----------------------------------------------------------------------------
                    MORE ABOUT ME
----------------------------------------------------------------------------
   

Good Morning Sweety,how are you doing and how is your  week end and i hope you do not have a stressful day? I am very sorry fore the late response to you, i had little problem with my computer, it got crashed down and i just have to go to the library to come and check my e-mail may be i have a message from you or not and i am so glad to hear back from you. I am at the Library right now to reply your message and to let you know how i am feeling. But first and fore-most i will have to thanks you for taking time to read my message to you and am very happy to know the kind of person you are  because you really make me happy the way you sounded in your letter to me, i never believe that i could meet some one like you on here infact i am the one that suppose to be called lucky woman, because you are the first man in my life and you are the first man that i would ever contact on here or share my feelings with. I know that we really have lots in common and that is the reason why i told you every thing about me without hiding any thing for you because i believe in honesty and loyalty as a Good Christian woman which i have already has God as first in my life.
Sweety, this is bit about my personalities that i will like you to know about me and my life and i know this will make you think if i deserve to be some one to fall in love with and if i do sincerely meet all what you are seeking for in nature. I want you to know that  i am an outgoing romantic, easy going. loyal, Godly, marriage minded, family orientate woman and i am also a caring person that want to commit a long term relationship. Sweety i want you to know that my glass is always half full, being an optimist, life is an adventure. I'm willing to try new things because you never know until you try, ( i.e ).i am honest and appreciate honesty from others. I don't have time for mind games or head games and pranks because i am serious in what i am seeking for which is long term relationship without divorce because i am a one man woman and i believe in true and real love that will last for ever till we both get old. Whoever you are and whatever you are is the way it should be, no sense in making ourself into someone we are not, too much drama, It's better to be straight up at the beginning and allow the other person to choose if we are really fit into their world. The element in them never impressed me because  i strive every day to be a better person than i was yesterday. Never know how a smile or kind word will impact the life of another. It's always better to be a blessing than been a misery to someone else life. I treat people with respect and expect the same in return. If someone has no clue how to act, then they have shown me that they are unworthy of my time In fact, they have done me a favor by revealing who they really are to me. Laughter is the best ever and we must be able to laugh at each other by creating an happiness and joy into the relationship and been honest and loyal to each other at all time. This world is too full of miserable people. Sweety i am looking for the missing piece to my puzzle, the one that completes me, he will be intelligent, funny, caring, with a good heart and a very good sense of humor. I have a lot to offer the right person when we both meet in person, however no time for all the wrong ones. I do not like liars, never understood why they waste peoples time, and not to mention their own. I am looking for someone who is passionate/compassionate. Someone who knows that life is too short for games and pranks, and it's also what we make it. I live each day of my life as if it were my last theory on Earth! I think one of the sexiest things a woman can possess is a good altitude. I am look for positive people, negative ones bore me. Negative people spend too much time dwelling on things they can't probably change, caught in suspense, never reaching goals or striving to be any better. If this were a perfect world, then all of us would be perfect. But i want you to know that there is no perfect human being, there are only those who are striving towards perfection. I am looking for an equal better half of me, someone to go through life's hills and valleys with. I am looking for a long-term relationship, and I'd just like to Build a fence around your heart, not a wall, Allow others to see but not readily touch. Let them approach and behold, to consider its beauty, and then decide if they can answer the invitation...Should they walk away, remember the value of the property has not decreased...I enjoy the outdoors, especially. the beach. Walking on the beach at night, waves crashing restlessly, a million stars in the sky, ahhh perfect for me. I also like dining out, plays, movies, art (another of my passions). I'm pretty flexible as far as activities goes, I Will also like to get to know more about you and see if we can make things real. Like to see your pictures as well.
Hope to hear and read back from you sooner, and lots of love from your caring Angel
Lonely Chalena





-----------------------------------------------------------------------------
AGE DIFFERENCE COMMITMENT AFTER THE MORE ABOUT ME
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------

Sweetyheart, The age difference doesn't buther me at all because i believe that an Aged man of yours do really know how to take care of woman and children. you are 55 years old and i am 30 going to be 31 by August 6th. And how i wish i am over there with you now so that we can both celebrate and mark my birthday together with you in your arms, but all i know is that God really does his things acording to his riches and he wants. Age difference doesn't bother me at all as i don't believe in it,because i think to commit a long-term relationship, age difference or age sector does not matter and distance doesn't matter at all because it does not have to affect the true love and real love that we are both seeking for.And i think age is an ordinary number and its just for counting and i don't believe in it but all what really matter most to me is loyalty, honesty, sincerity and respect. In your message you are talking about having another kid, that is so great and awesome to hear from you because having kids in a relationship is a very strong thing and i really want that as well, acording to my believee, i think kids are the pillars of a relationship and they are what really make the relationship strong, sweet and last. Each ever blessed day that we are looking at our children, i think that will be giving us much courage and build strong love in our heart. I will like to have kids as well in my relationship because i love to do care for children, i am a high mentainance woman that knows how to do care with the love of my heart and i do care for my husband as well. If you have me as your wife, you will never regret this at all because i believe in oath of love and marriage commitment. I am woman of hope,independent and am not into head games or disappointment or trying to hurt some one's life to make life easier to live for me and never will i  hurt any living soul like me and i will never allow any man to hurt my life or play games with my heart, that's why i have been living with honest and use honest and sincerity as my watchword. And am not going into divorce, never i will not do that because i don't have believe in such  a thing. Please i will like you to resend your pictures to my e-mail so that i can download them and use it as my desktop background pictures so that i will be looking at your handsome face every day when i turn on my computer because i don't want to look unto any man's face anymore since i have met you now. I want to be yours alone and devout all my life to you as i have already told you that i am single and lonely here because i am one man woman and i believe in power of honesty and loyalty in a relationship, because to commit a long termr elationship we must be faithful and loyal to each other and our mode of thinking and our heart must be one.
I will really get to know your motives and intentions towards me because i really would want to work towards getting to meet you in person and hopefully see what happens next. Happy beautiful Sunday to you sweety, i am missing you already and i will quickly get back home from church today because i wanna join you online so that we can talk and share our feelings together.
lots of love from yours Chalena







----------------------------------------------------------------------------
                      Half bombing to the mail
---------------------------------------------------------------------------


Hello, how are you doing and how is your day been, i am very happy to read and hear back from you which has really take me to the state of happiness as i have think i would never find happiness nor joy in my life by been lonely and living a loneliness life before i contacted you on the site and sending you a message to let you know little more about me may be i am the kinda type of what you are seeking for on here and lets see if we really have lots in common. Once again, thanks for getting back to me and i really like all what you said about yourself,you seem like a real nice person and its seems that we have lot in common.
I will like to meet you in person and lets see if we are really compatible in nature to be couple. But I think i must tell you why i am presently in west Africa Nigeria.You are the first man that i would ever first meet on here and i like to be sincere and been honest about my words at all time as i have choose honesty as my watchword and God is first in my life and in the privacy of my home i need to serve him.  
I am Chalena Robert by my name, 31years old by my age. I am a Cosmetologist by my profession,The study or art of Skin and Cosmetics with their uses. I have once worked in Cosmetics company, textile store, a collection of textiles design and sewing materials and i was lay off job in last year December 17th and hunt for job. I am lonely single female, i don't have any kid and never been marry or been  into any relationship in my life.I was born and raised up in Alcester, South Dakota but presently in west Africa Nigeria. I lost my father in 1999 while my mom passed away in 2008 and suffered from the cancer of the lungs.I don't have any joy nor happiness since the day that i had became a single and lonely woman because my late parent always stand by me and give me full support all the time. My life turned to sore when there is no  body that i can lean on or share my feelings with and i don't have any man in my life because of my early life Christianity life that i spent. I had been staying and living with my late dad family In South Dakota  after the demising of my parent, but all my late dad families were seems so bad and evil doer that was planing to hurt my life and giving me a threat all the time.
They don't like me and they are wishing me dying just because we are a real christian and they aren't. They always behaved like a devil incarnate and been doing all the bad and worst things in life and all their attitude is very worst and against my Christianity faith and believe because my both late parent were a pastor while they were alive. I am the only surviving daughter of my parent. While i don't have any sister nor brothers. I just came down to west Africa Nigeria in last year December 27th after the x mass and annual auditorium convention in my church in Alcester, South Dakota. I left the state because i want to free and i don't want to associate my self with my late dad family with their evil deed.d and bad with rough life which they are living.
I would like to know more about you and tell me every thing about your life, i'm humble,meek and kind and i'm a down earth person,I'm willing to humble myself before you, i hope that with all you have know about me,you would decide if i worth falling in love with and if i am the kinda person that you are seeking for as your dream mate.
I would love to read back from you baby, and get to know more about you and Your motives with your intentions towards me Its me Yours Lonely Chalena Laurie Robert
Hope to read back from you
I have added you to my yahoo messenger and i will like you to me on messenger so that we can start from there and get to know more about each other.
I will like to see some of your pictures too




----------------------------------------------------------------------------
                       Full mail Bombing
----------------------------------------------------------------------------
                                                           


Hello, how are you doing and how is your day been, i am very happy to read and hear back from you which has really take me to the state of happiness as i have think i would never find happiness nor joy in my life by been lonely and living a loneliness life before i contacted you on the site and sending you a message to let you know little more about me may be i am the kinda type of what you are seeking for on here and lets see if we really have lots in common. Once again, thanks for getting back to me and i really like all what you said about yourself,you seem like a real nice person and its seems that we have lot in common. I will like to meet you in person and lets see if we are really compatible in nature to be couple. But I think i must tell you why i am presently in west Africa Nigeria.You are the first man that i would ever first meet on here and i like to be sincere and been honest about my words at all time as i have choose honesty as my watchword and God is first in my life and in the privacy of my home i need to serve him.                                              

My full name is Chalena Laurie Robert and I am a Cosmetologist by my profession,The study or art of Skin and Cosmetics with their uses. I have once worked in Cosmetics company, textile store, a collection of textiles design and sewing materials. I am 31 years old, lonely single female, i don't have any kid and never been marry or been  into any relationship in my life. I was born and raised up in Alcester South Dakota but presently in west Africa Nigeria. I lost my father in 1999 while my mom passed away in 2008 and suffered from the cancer of the lungs.I don't have any joy nor happiness since the day that i had became a single and lonely woman because my late parent always stand by me and give me full support all the time. My life turned to sore when there is no  body that i can lean on or share my feelings with and i don't have any man in my life because of my early life Christianity life that i spent. I had been staying and living with my late dad family In NY after the demising of my parent, but all my late dad families were seems so bad and evil doer that was planing to hurt my life and giving me a threat all the time.

They don't like me and they are wishing me dying just because we are a real christian and they aren't. They always behaved like a devil incarnate and been doing all the bad and worst things in life and all their attitude is very worst and against my Christianity faith and believe because my both late parent were a pastor while they were alive. I am the only surviving daughter of my parent. While i don't have any sister nor brothers. I just came down to west Africa Nigeria in last year December 27th after the x mass and annual auditorium convention in my church in Schenectady. I left the state because i want to free and i don't want to associate my self with my late dad family with their evil deed and bad with rough life which they are living.

I came down to Nigeria with the help of superior mother of my church in Alcester Deaconess Analiza water who came from west Africa Nigeria to my church in South Dakota for annual auditorium convention and i explained every thing to her about my life and how i have been suffering with my Christianity faith in Christ. That is the reason why i came down to Nigeria with this woman to support the work of God . This woman really like me because i am a singer,  i love to sing a lots and i always lead Soprano for my church and i had been working for the Gospel ministry since my 10 years old after my baptists. I have not heard any more from Deaconess Analiza water since April of this year when she left Nigeria for New Zealand for World Gospel Crusade before i heard that Deaconess Analiza water has dead although she is older enough because she is about 75 years old Godly woman, May her soul rest in great perfect peace and sleep at the right hand of our creator Amen.

I am living a loneliness life here in Nigeria as there is no one that can take care of me and their economy is not good and well stable here in Nigeria. There is no man in my life that can be taking care of me and non of my family doesn't seek or ask of me may be i am alive or i have die. Although that is what they are wishing me for, but God for bid bad things in my life and any evil plans against me shall be perish.

Anyway i am ready to commit a long term relationship and seeking for happiness and joy with marriage and ready to relocate to any where so that i can start to live a new life and have my own family with some one lovely as you are.
I have Blond hair with Brown eye,My Height is 5'6" while my weight is 105 lbs, My Bust is 34,Dress: 3-5,Waist: 25,Shoe: 9-9.5,Hips: 35. I am really helpless and there is no one that i could contacted for help because there is no one left for me anymore and i don't want to go back and stay or live with my late dad family in Schenectady Ny anymore. That is the reason why i am in this site may be i can meet the right , marriage minded and family orientate man that i can devout all my life to and to start working things out with him. I am all alone and i need help would you be able to heal the wound on my heart,and save me from this predicament.

There's no way i can leave here or yet meet you to fulfill a long time dream of meeting someone who would put away all this pains and agony that i'm going through and mend my broken heart. There's no shoulder that i can lean on, No one to cuddle me and make me happy. I did like you to know that i'm not putting a burden on you but i know that you have a heart that's caring and loving.I would like to know more about you and tell me every thing about your life,i'm humble,meek and kind and i'm a down earth person,I'm willing to humble myself before you, i hope that with all you have know about me,you would decide if i worth falling in love with and if i am the kinda person that you are seeking for as your dream mate.
I would love to read back from you baby, and get to know more about you and Your motives with your intentions towards me Its me Yours Lonely Chalena Laurie Robert
Hope to read back from you



----------------------------------------------------------------------------
           Mail to Mail Job, First mail to him
----------------------------------------------------------------------------




Good morning sweetie,
How are you doing and how was your night? I hope you had a good dream about getting to know each other.
What is your full real name, How old are you, what do you do for a living and where are you Originated from ???????????????????????????
Are you a single male, do you have any kid, have you ever been to any relationship before?
As i have let you know more about me and about my life in my first e-mail that i sent to you yesterday.
I am a sincere, honest, caring, kind, friendly very easy to get along with. I am, social, romantic, passionate, smart, intelligent, cool headed,adaptive,have a big heart. And i do believe in the truth and honesty.
Because honesty is the only key to human success. And with honest, i believe in myself and my life is really based on truth,and its all about who i really am. Because i know the kind of person i am and the way i treat others. I really do care alot about others who care for me, because i am a very caring and passionate woman and my heart is so blessed and lovely and i believe in devoting my time, my life, my heart, my body and my soul to my loved one and make him real happy,because he's my joy and happiness, he's my father and my mother. And i always do look forward to that day i will get to meet my dream man,and i know when my dream man gets to meet me he will be so happy to get along with the kind of woman i am.
Please can you tell me all the qualities that you are seeking for in your dream woman to be your wife, may be i have the qualities out of all my life personalities that i listed for  you????????????????????????????????????????????????????
Morse, do you really have interest in me and do you want me as part of your life, and can you tell me what type of relationship are you seeking for if its long term or short-time, and i am not here for any games or trying to hurt any man's life.
I am really looking for a man whose completely honest and sincere about his words and feelings. A man who is ready for a long term relationship and ready to build up a family with someone real and honest as caring as i am. A marriage minded and family orientate man that i can devout all my life to.
I want a man who i know i can have faith and completely trust with all my heart,because to make a standard relationship it must really be based on trust, loyalty, caring, mind sharing and understanding because love and trust are one big family.
What are you really seeking for in your dream woman??????????????
I will really like to know more about you and your motives because my intentions is to get to know you,and really do know the kind of person you are, and hopefully meet in person, because its one of my policy that every one i do meet i try to make them completely honest and happy because i hate to make people feel bad.I really do believe that every one should at least be given a great chance to smile and share there feelings to each other.
This is bit about my personalities which i would like to tell you...................................
I like listening to music and i like swimming,camping,shopping,reading,and even dance too. Because music is really part of my life and i can't do without listening to music in a day. And my kind of music is Gospel R$B with Country and Opera.
I like going to beach and cinema and i like playing basket ball and long tennis and swimming for fun, and i love all out doors games.
What do you do for fun or do at your spare time???????????????????????????????????
My favorite food are cabbage, salad, fried rice, pasta and hamburger,with little Italian and i like eating balance diet with light non-alcoholic drinks or fruits drinks. I don't smoke, i don't drink or take any alcohol and i have never use any or involved in any hard drug as a real loyal responsible woman suppose to be.
What are your favorite food, do you smoke, drink or take any hard drug???????????????
I don't really have lots of hobbies that  i do but at least i know how to have fun by myself  by going to cinema or beach at week end and i like to hang out with sincere and honest people to exchange ideas and get to learn about each others .
Because that's really the best way to build up our own life to care for others and get to know alot about them, but i prefer hanging out with people i know i can trust and share alot with
What about you sweetie??????????????????????????????
Here is what i will like you to know about my education Carrier.....................................
I attended Alcester-Hudson High School located at Alcester, South Dakota, United States and i earn my first degree on Dentist medical nurse  and i am a competent Graduate Agric Economist at Kentucky University, Kentucky Usa.
What High School and University did you attend???????????????????????????????????
I care for you so much and i will like to know more about you in your next e-mail.
Its me your loving caring woman
Lonely Chalena Laurie Robert.....


----------------------------------------------------------------------------
                        Second Mail to him
----------------------------------------------------------------------------


Good afternoon to you sweetie, How is your day and your work going on,
   I hope you don't mind about our age difference and my present location where i am for now which is west Africa Nigeria, because i think to commit a long term relationship, age difference or age sector does not matter and distance doesn't matter at all because it does not affect the true love and real love that we both are seeking for, and i think age is ordinary number and its just for counting and i don't believe in it. All what really matter most to me is loyalty, honesty, sincerity and respect.
I will really get to know your motives and intentions towards me because i really would want to work towards getting to meet you in person and hopefully see what happens next.
I am woman of hope,independent and am not into head games or disappointment or trying to hurt some one's life to make life easier to live for me. NO am not here for that and i can not allow any man to hurt my life or play games with my heart, that's why i have been living with honest and use honest and sincerity as my watchword. And am not going into divorce, never i will not do that because i don't have believe in such thing.
You are the first man in my life, i have never meet or chat with any man in my life and i have never been to any relationship despite of sleeping with a man or having any sexual intercourse. I am new on here and you are the first man that i would ever share my feeling with, and its just because of your believes and we really have lots in common if we are a couple.
This are the reason why i have not been to any relationship since all this day and the reason why i have been keeping my virginity for my dream man to be my husband.
Honey, its not easy to just jump into a relationship or quickly fall in love with some one that we just met each other and to find  or meet good soul heart it will be so long and some men of now are days are very wicked with retch heart, some men were not ready to commit a long term relationship and they are not ready to settle down or live with woman and have some one living with them under the same roof.
And some men does believe in using woman as their sex slave and sex toy which has means i can't never afford to do or subscribe my heart into such a thing, because i am just seeking for something real, strong, pure, unique and genuine and  i don't want to useless my body and lose my virginity with uncared man, or some one that doesn't ready to get marry.
More so i have promised my late mom that i wont lose my virginity and i will not fall in love or sleep with any man just any how until i meet the man of my life which has means my dream man to be my husband.
I love to fulfill promise, and i don't want to betray or disappoint my late mom trust and her believes in me. And that's why i am still a single and remain virgin till today that i met you. And i am ready  submissive all my body, my life, my heart, my body and my soul to my dream man.
I am devoted catholic christian woman, and i believe in honesty and loyalty, i have been working for the gospel ministry since my 10 years old after my baptist in my church in Alcester Dakota, i do sing soprano for my church in South Dakota. And i have been choosing honest as my watchword, i really hate to been dishonest to some one or cheat some one or lie to human being like me, That's why i love to be open minded and loyal at all time, because i don't have a stone heart.
What about you and what are you really seeking for in a relationship, is it a long term relationship or friendship, or short time?????????????????????????????????????????
I am ready to get back to state, but i don't want to go back to live or stay in Dakota any longer, because there is no one left for me at home and i don't wanna stay with any of my late dad evil doer family because they are very wicked and callous. I am really helpless, I have paid for the deposit of my plane ticket, but all what is holding me down here in Nigeria is the balance fee of my plane ticket which i wasn't be able to come up with, and there is no one that i can contact for help anymore.
But am ready to relocate to some one that ready to have me as his wife till eternity and not to divorce me
And as soon as i get help with this balance fee of my airline ticket, i will be able to change my destination airport to the nearest airport to your city. My flight details with my flight schedule including my departure and arrival time of my plane shall be send to your e-mail so that you will be able to know my arrival and departure time  that you will come and pick me up at the airport.
But i just want  you to know that i do not fall in love with you just because you are wealthy or you have money or you have good properties, not at all. I just fall in love with you and ready to be with you and start a new life with you because of your sincerity and your loyalty to me and we really have lots in common and i know that when we are together i will not have any problem of living and you will give me happiness and joy.
More so i just want you because of all your personalities and my life doesn't depends on money and i am not a money lover at all and i will never depends on men's wealth.
although some women does, they do use man as step up and use advantage of honest and loyalty of man to snatch all their properties and their wealth by giving or sharing a fake love with men, they will pretend that they love man and when they get living together and after some years, the woman will just go through divorce and leave the man so that she can get all his properties and share all mens wealth equally. Can you see that some women are bad and evil doer.
I am just the woman of mission and passion and i am whom i said i am to you and i will never hurt your life or leave your home or hurt your life, and i am ready to be with you for real till eternity till i die and live old with you.
I care for you so much sweetie
I will like to know more about you and see some of your pictures.
stay cool and have a lovely days.

----------------------------------------------------------------------------
                      My Address information
----------------------------------------------------------------------------


Name................  Chalena Robert
Country............ Nigeria
State................ Osun
City................. Ilesha
Address............ #13 appt 17B, Brewries avenue
Zip code............ 23436
Text question............... What is my favourite Drink
Answer......................... Pepsicola

************************************************************


Manchester city, M156PB

anitabrownies@yahoo.co.uk

Portland Street Manchester Lancashire M1 4WB


321 E. Washington Street Orlando, Florida  407-425-3720 ... 39 W. Pine Street Orlando, FL  32801
249 Finsbury Park London , zip code N4 3HT


Liberty Account

Your Liberty Reserve account number: U6804172
Password       2ACq3Jz
Login PIN     29169
Master Key     412
Security Question     City of Birth
Answer     osogbo

antoniocapogna@rocketmail.com


Sent from my iPad

