
Baby if  there's one thing we know to be true it's this...Relationships cannot grow or have a chance of becoming happy if there's no trust.     You have to override your natural inclination to trust when you feel love with your intelligence that says due to your experience you can't rely on what men say. Men also have a lot of hurt from relationships.

Trust is built slowly over time, but it can be shattered in an instant. Honor your loved one by acting with integrity at all times. The only engine that power a good relationship is trust and trust is based on integrity and respect we have for each other.

Any relationship, whether it is personal, business, organizational, community, family, love, or romantic, cannot survive without trust. But, unfortunately, trust in relationships is now rare. Lack of trust may have a negative impact on one's life. It can destroy the glory of relationships, thereby paving way for jealousy and devastation. Hence, modeling trust in relationships is important to improve the value of a long term deal. Trust in relationships generally depends on how true we are in expressing our feelings to others, particularly to those who are very close to us.

However, it is quite difficult to gain trust in a relationship. Building trust in relationships need considerable effort, commitment and time. Here are some steps to build trust for the maintenance of a healthy relationship. The foremost step is to be predictable. Consistency should be maintained in all the activities you perform. Another vital step to build a healthy relationship is to make sure your words match the message. Belief in others, awareness of one's needs, and ability to keep secrets are also important for building trust in relationships.

Honesty is also a key to build trust in any relationship. Factors such as insightfulness, responsiveness and unbiased opinions must be considered for winning trust in relationships. Once the trust is established, it can bring many benefits including huge profits with minimum cost, improvement in the reputation of a firm, and enhancement in the quality of relationships. Associate retention, effective communication, and motivation can also be gained through trust in relationships.

Since it can bring a powerful bond of intimacy and credibility in a relationship, trust is highly critical for a society to exist. Life is always built of relationships with people, and trust is vital to fill friendship, honesty, love and passion in a relationship. Trust is considered the central pillar supporting a relationship, and is compared to the concrete foundation of a house. In other words, trust in relationships is a two-way street, demanding equal proportion of respect from either side to manage it effectively.

Trust means to believe. I trust you, means I have no doubt in my mind about your honesty, integrity and credibility. No relationship can survive without trust. How to develop and keep the trust in a relationship forever, because as soon as the trust breaks, the relationship breaks. Trust is the foundation on which a relationship is built. If you don’t trust a person, howsoever you may love him/her, your relationship will not survive, because you have no trust in him/her.

Let us examine this little more. To begin with, every relationship begins with trust in each other. Without the initial trust, the relationship will not move in the beginning itself. In the beginning, one believes without much proof about the others character. It is love and some assessment of how trustworthy the person is. As the relationship grows, fissures start forming because of doubts about whether the other person can be trusted? Was he/she trustworthy from the beginning or was I fooled? Or is he/she changing now? This kind of doubtful thinking causes tremendous strain in a relationship
and with the breaking of trust, the relationship breaks.

How do you manage to build the trust in the earlier period is most important. The beginning can be very dangerous. What may arouse suspicion should be avoided at all the costs. If you have a suspicious partner, you need to be more careful. Small things such as if you are going out, inform where you are going and to meet whom? If there is a change in your mood, talk to your partner and talk about the reasons. If you are facing career problems, rather than hiding them, tell about them to your partner and seek support. Many a times, you will behave differently when you face career issues and that may make your partner think about all types of possibilities. Be open about everything. Your words and body language should be synchronous at all the times. Inform about everything and if not fully possible assure your partner that things are going differently and you are under pressure. Be open. Seek trust and you will get it.

When trust exists in an organization or in a relationship, almost everything else is easier and more comfortable to achieve.

For no geniue reason, this generation is fast changing every good foundation and heritage that sustain a good relationship,trust,worthiness and united in action that smoothens co-operate existence all in the bid to embrace money. Deceit is now the order of the day as truthful people are often made to look stupid.         Building trust in relationships is more valuable then money, because once you've lost it, it's bloody hard to get back, and sometimes it's impossible. Trust is precious, so...

IF you ever find yourself in a situation where you could potentially put someone's trust in jeopardy, I suggest you tread carefully, very carefully!



You can feel it when someone doesn't trust you. They constantly ask you questions as though they don't believe you are competent enough to do it in the way you know how, or they criticize the way you do things because it's not good enough, or it's not the way they were taught. Sometimes a lack of trust stems from someone's own lack of character, and sometimes it comes from someone's background if they did not grow up in a loving environment where individual growth was encouraged. Someone who does have character but constantly questions you about yours can just be as annoying as someone who doesn't have character and drops the ball.

When there is no trust in any kind of relationship, you begin to doubt what the other person says or does, and trust me this is not a good thing, especially if you want to build extraordinary relationships, and you do right?...

Well, hunnie , i do want u to know alot of bad people have spoilt the images of the good ones , but i want u to know everybody are not the same ..


I really do not  like ,involving any 3rd party in my relationship , and I should have told you this ealier , that u should let us make this a suprise to everyone around you , including your friends , Coz u never can tell what is in  we humanbeing heart , Don't believe everybody that u see and we call our friends is happy about us , People do envy one another..


I believe  you honey, most people will not be happy with our relationship but i dont care what they will be saying about us  ... This are just some experience that we met on this earth even before we are born ..

 I just want you to trust me with your whole heart ,   , I believe God do have something great and good to do in our life , thats why he sent us to one another .. he sent us to one another ..

Yes i know sweetie , but lets keep this to ourselves first ,and wait till when i am finally there with you alright...

Baby , believe me you will never regret of doing this ,and u will never regret of having me there with you .. You just dont know how much i am happy to have u in my life .. You are my world and my happiness .. I cant just imagine my life without you..

Baby , I can understood how happy you are of having me there with you alright .. But baby ,just lets wait till when i am finally there with you ,and then you can show the world how much we mean to each other ..


Even when your friends ask you anything about us , just tell them that there is nothing between us anymore Ok .. Just dont let them destroy our relationship Ok .. Cause , I am here to bring sunshine and happiness into your life ..
7863165755

I do believe something that will be good and will last forever , will somehow have a rough beginning ... We will surely have an Overcomer's problems in life , We just have to Overcome every of our problems ok ..

And i am making an Oath and a Vow for you , that i will never let you down , and will never break your HEART OK


I want to you take your bible and cross your heart ,and say this to me as well

I will always stand by you through Thick and Thin time ok ... Come rain , Come shinny , I will always be by your side sweetie ...

And promise me , you will never tell anyone about us  , Not until when i finally arrive to your airport ,and hold you in my arms ...

Sweetie , there is something i wanted to let you know .. But i dont know how am going to tell you this , coz i dont know how u will feel .. And i wouldnt want u to get mad at me .

Hunnie , its just about me and my Grandma , coz we dont have any foodstuff at home to eat again , and i dont have any penny on me my love ,and the woman i collected foodstuff from oncredit i am oweing her some funds ,and she does not wants to sell any food for us oncredit .. I am just so sad here , and i dont like watching my Grandma starving ..I am not happy telling u this baby

How delightful is your love, my Princess, my bride! How much more pleasing is your love than wine, and the fragrance of your perfume than any spice....Please dont take that too hard okay i just wanna be sure, just if i really deserve you.!

Place me like a seal over your heart, like a seal on your arm; for love is as strong as death, its jealousy unyielding as the grave. It burns like blazing fire, like a mighty flame baby...